ARTICLE V - UNION MEMBERSHtP 1 .O’I The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions as specified in Article X of this agreement, and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of property. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide for fair and peaceful adjustments of dispules. It is recognized as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein. The use of masculine gender in this Agreement shall be considered also to include the feminine.

Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving 2.0’1 The Company and the Union agree one with the other that they will abide Iby the Articles of this Agreement from Septsmber 1, 1998, to August 31, 2001, inclusive, and from year to year thereafter unless either party clesires to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case <Ihe party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September 1 st of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreernent in the manner provided above shall notify the other parly, in writing, as to the changes desired. 3.01 (a) The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who a,re employed on job classifications which may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the term of this Agreement. Page 1 3.01 (b) The employees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of contractors and/or the contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. (c) The Company and tha Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. 3.02 Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, ishall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in tha job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. 3.03 It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to fhe regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario.

ARTICLE Xl - HOIJRS OF WORK 4.01 The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a part of this Agreement. 4.02 If during the life of this Agreement a change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached Wage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. Page 2 4.03 When changes are to be made in operating methods, including major alterations in established work patterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the thirty (30) day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for zsimilar and/or related occupations in the wage schedule of the negotiating companies. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached Wage Schedule. In the event that ihe palties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) clays of the effeclive date of the change or alteration, the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. The thirty (30) day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates, when established, shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classifications. 4.04 The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

Section 11.05 (a) for such time worked. If an employee 5.0’1 The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. Page 3 5.02 (a) Any employee who is now a member in good standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union shall, as a conclition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union intending to suspend a member, the Company shall be notified in writing at least seven (7) days before such suspension. 5.02 (b) Non-union persons hired by the Company after notifying the Union Office of the requirements and no Union members are available who are qualified, shall not be bumpod by Union members when they become available. 5.02 (c) When hiring employees the Company will give preference to llnion rnembers who apply and who are capable of doing the work required of them. The Company shall, after complying with Article XII, advise the Union from time to time of the Company’s labour requirements. The Company shall furnish the Union Office and the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. The Union agrees to reinstate an employee who has been suspended only for non-payment of Union dues during a layoff upon such an employee being recalled in accordance with Article XII. 5.02 (d) New employees shall make application to join the Union when first approached to do so by a duly authorized Union Steward, Official or Representative. The Company shall upon hiring advise all new employees by letter, with a copy to the llnion !jteward, to report to the Steward within ten (10) days of commencing work. Failure of an ernployee to comply with the conditions ‘herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. 5.02 (e) The Cbmpany shall put employees on check-off at the tirne of hire or return to work and deduct the Union’s monthly membership dues from monies due him. 5.03 The Company agrees for an individual employee who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, to deduct upon his written request, union initiation fees, assessment and/or monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Page 4 5.04 Remittances of all deductions shall be sent to the Local Union; said remittances to be accompanied by itemised lists in alphabetical order (first letter only) in duplicate, of names, with at least one Christian name and amounts by camps. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the following month. The Company shall include on each employee’s income tax slip (T-4) the amount of Union dues deduc’ted in the calendar year. 5.05 Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business as it pertains to the Company’s operations and shall report to the Camp Foreman or clerk on arrival at camp. Credentials carried by the IJnion representatives shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Local Union. Said representative to be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. 5.06 The Local Union shall furnish the Company with a list of Local Officers ancl Representatives, and shall amend these lists as changes occur. 5.07 The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union Office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, al the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way a’ffect the authority of Company supervisors.

Section 11.05 (a) provided he remains available for the 6.0’1 (a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment or, at the employee’s option, at the time of lay-off, or when vacation is taken. 6.0’1 (b) Each .!% increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (1) week of ,time-off. An employee who has worked continuously for one (1) year, rnust take his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. Page 5 An employee has the right to take his full entitlement to tirne-off, whether or not he has worked continuously for one (1) year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. 6.02 Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. (a) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than eight hundred (800) days. (b) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked eight hundred (800) days or more but less than Iwo thousand (2,000) days. Cc) 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked two thousand (2,000) days or more but less than four thousand (4,000) days. 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked four thousand (4,000) days or more but less than five thousand four hundred (5,400) days. (d 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than five thousand four hundred (5,400) days. In calculating the above vacation entitlements, the following will apply. Effective June 6, 1999 employees will receive an additional twenty dollars ($20.00) per week for each week of regular vacation taken. Effective September I,1999 increase the twenty dollars (!520) per week to forty dollars ($40.00) per week. E.ffectivo September 1, 2000 increase the forty dollars (!640) per week to sixty dollars ($60.00) per week. (f) Supplementary Vacation with Pay Employees who have worked more than five thousand (!5,000) days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Page 6 Age Age Age Age Age - one (1) week (2% of gross earnings) - two (2) weeks (4% of gross earning!;) -three (3) weeks (6% of gross earnings) - four (4) weeks (8% of gross earnings) - five (5) weeks (10% of gross earnings) 6.03 Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which nornlally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all days on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or on off-the-job training, vacation, Holidays with pay, jury duty, subpoenaed witness ancl bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of days for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

Article XI. 7.01 Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Year’s Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Canada Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following ‘Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days worked, as spscified in SecZion 6.03, will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holiclays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An ernployee who by rea!son of lay-off is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. 7.02 (a) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday and is ready for work on the morning of the second (2nd) day after the holiday, unless his return to work on time is Page 7 prevented by circumstances beyond his control, shall receive pay for the holiday unless he quits during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the holiday and is ready for work for the second day following the holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements with the Company prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Union either at Camp level or at Management level. 7.02 (b) If an employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02 and who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to the holiday, is on authorized leave of absence other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during his absence, provided he returns to work on time, unless his return to work on tirne is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 7.02 (c) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a lay-off during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior lo the holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such thirty (30) day period. 7.02 (d) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twenty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such twenty-one (21) day period. 7.02 (e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the fourteen (14) calondar day period immecliately following the Iholiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. 7.02 (f) An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. 7.03 A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance ‘to be home for Christmas, in which event such an employee will receive pay F’age 8 for the holidays provided he returns on time. Any request for such leave of absence must be made to the Camp Forernan no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. 7.04. (a) If qualified, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree L.ength Skidding) for the holiday, and a clay worker shall be paid a day’s pay at his or her regular rate for the Iholiday. 7.04. (b) A day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate for the first eight (8) hours of work and at the rate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one day’s pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. 7.04 (c) A pieceworker who is requested to work on a holiday shall receive his earnings plus one-half day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

ARTICLE XVIII -JURY DUTYlSUBPOENAEDWlTNESS ALLOWANCE 8.0’1 (a) It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that complaints of employees be adjustecl as quickly as possible. To this end it is agreed that periodic meetings will be held between the Company and the Union to discuss the interpretation and administration of this Agreement. 8.0’1 (b) It is agreed that no grievance shall be processed which usurps the rights of Management. 8.0’1 (c) It is generally understood that an employee has no grievance until he has given his Foreman an opportunity to adjust his complaint. This may be done during working hours. 8.02 (a) The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union Grievance Committee of three (3), headed by a Page 9 Union Stewarcl who shall act as spokesman for the Committee. In the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice, The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02 (b) It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exorcised in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee men. 8.03 A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any differences between the parties or between the Cornpany and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 8.04 Grievances as defined above may be iaken by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee’s immediate supervisor for adjustment outside of working hours. The grievance shall be presented without undue clelay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman, in accordance with this procedure, in writing, will be disposed of by the foreman in writing. Where a grievance has been submitted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (46) hours, then, STAGEi 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or Union Representative with the Division Manager within ninety-six (96) hours, in writing, on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Division Manager shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, !jTAGE. 3 - The matler shall be taken up by the Officers of the Local Llnion and/or their representatives with the Woods Manager of the Company or his representatives. Failing a settlement within seven (7) days, then, Page 10 STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred to the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or his representative and a Union Comrnittee accompanied by the Union’s President or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days, refer the malter to arbitration or as an alternative if both parties agree, the matter may be resolved through binding mediation. 8.05 A grievance arisirx! from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspenston by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and rnust be presented to the Company not later than ten (‘IO) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. When such an employee’s grievance is not processecl from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for !such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration E3oard lo have been unfairly dischargecl, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions decidsd by the Arbitration Board. 8.06 Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure. 8.07 If the Company has a grievance as defined in Section 8.03 it shall commence at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure by the Woods Manager or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, <then either party may within the following fi’fteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. Page 11 8.08 In arbitration the Cornpany and the Union shall each select one (1) man; these two shall select a third man who shall act as Chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other parQ’s nomination. This Arbitration Board shall convene and render a decision promptly and such decision shall be final and binding on both parties of this Agreement. In tho event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third man as provided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third man. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. 8.09 It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under

Section 3 hereof, for a period not exceeding fiftytwo (52) weeks for any one illness, beginning after general wage adjustments. 8.10 Each party to this Agreernent shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share eclually in the ,fees and expenses of the third member of the board. In the event the parties agree to proceed to mediation, as an alternative to arbitration, the parties agree to mutually select and share equally in the fees and expenses of the mediator. 8.11 Saturclays, Sundays, Statutory and Legal Holidays shall not be included in any time limits in this Article of ‘the Agreement. ARTfCLE I>. - NO STRIKE - NO LOCKOUT 9.01 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement. Page 12 10.01 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall co-operate collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of the Chairman shall alternate between a Company Co-Chairman and a Union Co-Chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate - copies going to the Company Office, the Union Office, and the Camp Bulletin Board. The certified Safety Representative shall receive appropriate and mutually agreed to training as a Certified Worker Representative. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid Man in each camp, such First Aid Man to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. 10.02 It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid Kits and 2-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportation of men. 10.03 (a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least thittysix (36) inches in width, spaced at least thirty-eight (38) inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airfoam, plastifoam, or sprinig filled mattresses. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than one (1) employee per room. The Company agrees to supply two (2) clean sheets and one (1) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed Page 13 cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to ernployees newly arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all times. 10.03 (b) It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees’ living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a TV set where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets, showers and laundry washing and drying machines. A T.V. Satellite Dish will be installed at all year-round live-in camps. A lockup storage type locker will be provided for each man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees’ cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. 10.03 (c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03 (d) The Cornpany agrees that fly control measures shall be carried out at regular intervals during the summer operating season and camp pest control as required. 10.03 (e) Night watchmen shall be employed in all major operating camps during the heating season unless an Underwriter approved fire detection and fire warning system is installed. 10.03 (f) All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical and as arranged on a camp basis by majority vote. Page 14 10.04 (a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods !shall be handled in ;3 sanitary ma.nner during transportation at all times. Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include, fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. 10.04 (b) Butter shall be supplied on the ta’bles at all meals and on coffee tables and shall not be mixed with any substitute. Margarine will be made available to employees on request. 10.04 (c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 10.04 (d) Each rnan shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual arrangements have been made. The preparation of lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the wrapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. 10.04 (e) At the request of the Camp Grievance Committee, suitable lunch buildings will be provided where there are concentrations of men. Such buildings to be heated during the period October 1st to April 30th and during the summer months shall have protective screens. l-lot lunches will be supplied where practical upon request of the Camp Grievance Committee. Only thermos-type containers will be used to transport hot lunches. The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch building for year-round use. 10.04 (1) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shall be on Company time. 10.04 (g) The charge for board and lodging shall be one dollar and seventy-five cents ($1.75) per calendar day. Page 15 10.05 (a) It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. It is understood that the showing of moving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TV is available. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for such services shall not be increasecl unless mutually agreed to. 10.05 (b) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees’ personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee-owned power saws to a maximum of two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500.00). Additional free insurance coverage against lo!% by fire or theft of tradesman’s tools normally required by tradesmen will be provided to ‘the full value of such tools while on company property or work sites and as documented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Cornpany. Damage to employee-owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their full replacement value. An employee who causes a fire wilfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrangernents for protection against theft of employeeowned power saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. 10.06 (a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday. 10.06 (b) Interim advances will be made only in instances of evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on Thursday pay day or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. 10.06 (c) In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the ernployees’ payroll credit. Page 16 10.06 (d) A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to each employee for each pay period. This statement will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued Vacation Pay credit, and deductions, covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. 10.06 (e) Where ‘twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. 10.06 (f) The Company will provide each pieceworker with a minimum of one (1) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a iscale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be given to each pieceworker at least fottyeight (48) hours prior to the wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information, where applicable. Number of cords or number of pieces (Tree Length), Riding and/or Walking Bonus, Footage of strip or Main Road Cut; and Poor Bush Bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a minor mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged ,for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. 10.06 (a) At each operating camp, a separate building will be provided for the storage of power saws. Said building shall contain sufficient lockers for storage. In addition, a suitable, separate heated building with work bench, vice and compressed air will be provided for the repair of power saws. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living Page 17 in maintaining the building in a clean and safe condition. 10.08 (b) The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. 10.08 (c) Effective September 1, 2000, to subsidize the cost of required apparel such as safety pants and boots, the Company will make a one-time annual payment in the amount of one hundred five dollars ($105.00) to each active employee with a minimum of six (6) months seniority, and payable in December of each year. 10.09 Only factory built buses shall be used for the road transportation of men. Same to have adecluate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, equip all buses transporting men with two-way radio, and will have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. Factory built buses shall be deemed to include cars, half-tons, and crew cabs. In acquisition of commuter buses, the Company will continue to work on improved features such as seating arrangement, suspension for better ride, storage racks, etc. 10.10 (a) The Cornpany agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company’s request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms of Article XII - Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of his intention to do so and shall be paid twenty cents (20~) per kilometre. Page 18 10.10 (b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers chall be paid lor at the regular straight time rat’es for day workers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate per clay for pieceworkers, and normal travel time, outside an employee’s scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for day workers and the above rates for pieceworkers. It is understood travel time shall not apply when transfers occur over the employees’ regularly scheduled weekend off. 10.11 (a) The Company, consistent with its Policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communicalion with such employee will be maintained by his Supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.11 (b) The Company agrees that there will be no shacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement, who are engaged in producing and delivering operations on its limits and/or work sites, unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the Company. 10.11 (c) The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. 10.11 (d) The Company will supply mechanics, welders, machinists, and electricians with suitable coveralls on loan, and provide for the laundering of same two (2) per week, ,free of charge. 10.11 (e) Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage shall receive fifty cents (50$) per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate. ‘Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main camp or central garage required to perform work of their trade away from a main camp or central garage will be paid fifty cents Page 19 (50~) per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away from the main camp or central garage. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in the yard of the main camp or central garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid fifty cents (!jOt) per hour in addilion to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in <the yard. 10.11 (f) Town Haul. When an employee is required to work more than two (2) hours overtime, and is in the course of his work at a camp at a regularly scheduled meal time, such employee will be provided a rneal in the camp cookery. 10.11 (g) The Company agrees to provide Town Haul employees with adequate shower facilities and lock-up type storage lockers.

Section 3 hereof. 11.01 (a) The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day & shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in day work jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with

 requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. 11 .Oi (b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. Page 20 11.02(a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 p.m. and 5.00 a.m., mealtime excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 7.00 pm. in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03(b). Where by mutual agreement on any operation, it is agreed that Friday night shift commences prior to 7.00 p.m., it shall remain constant and fixed and scheduled accordingly until such time that it has been mutually agreed to alter or terminate the Agreement. 11.03(a) Effective June 6, 1999, a night shift differential of fifty-six cents (56a) per hour shall be paid in adclition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03(b) On other two-shift operations, the first shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of fiftysix cents (56t) per h’our, effective June 6, 1999. 11.03(c) 0n a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows (effective June 6, 1999). Starting Time (between hours of) ‘1st Shifi 2nd Shifl Xrd Shlfi Stopping Time Shifi Differential (between hours of) 7 a.m..8 am. 3 p.m.-4 p.m. 3 p.m..4 pm. 11 p.m.-12 p.m. 56t 11 p.m.-12 p.m. 7 a.m.-8 a.m. 11.03(d) The hours of work for day workers and shift workers shall Ibe posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting Page 21 and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee’s shift schedule is changed by the Company during the week, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the ernployee reverts to his original shift, he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least 8 hours between shit% worked. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements, such starting times for ernployees within any given job classification shall be confined to a one-hour periocl. On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis. 11.03(e) If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week, is required for work on his “sixth clay” or Sunday, such overtime shall be .posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive four (4) hours pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in

 four-hour period if so requested by the Company. This shall not apply if the employee is advised of cancellation prior to the end of his last scheduled shift for that week. 11.03(f) During the period of May to August, two shift scarification operations may commence at 6.00 a.m. 11.03(g) During the fire season, scheduled hours may be altered to provide for early start up when necessitated by fire hazard ratings, as determined by the M.N.R. guidelines. It is understood the starting time may be advanced by up to two (2) hours except where travel time is more than one (1) hour, the maximum advance will be one (1) hour. 11.04(a) A day or shifi worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control shall be paid for onehalf day if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4.) hours. A pieceworker who will lose more than one (1) hour of work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of the one (1) hour at the rate of Feller, Limber, Tree Length !?kiddirtg, provided he reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate day work if so requested by the Company. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment of area to cut, and/or time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be made for all hours lost. 11.04(b) A day or shift worker who reports for work at his scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for Iwo (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be rnade and the provisions ‘of Section 11.04 (a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift, he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Cornpany will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03 (d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive clays in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (El) hours in advance of the scheduled Page 23 starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, he may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp unit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise his seniority on his return to work. Notification and reporting procedures shall be established locally. 11.05(a) Time worked by an ernployee in excess of eight (8) hours par day or shift, all hours outside his regular shift, and the first eight (8) hours or portion thereof on his designated “sixth day” day (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on his designated “sixth day” (Saturday or Nonday) and on a Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee’s applicable hourly rate. 11.05(b) Employees in the classifications specified below may be requirecl to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of

 Page 24 (a) Cook (6) B a k e r (c) S e c o n d C o o k (d) Cookee Choreboy Watchman f.or employess in the job classifications listed above, the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consacutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) hour period divided into not more than two (2) parts provided there is a break of at least (eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on his “sixth” day (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time-andone-half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one,.half day if he is available at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start of Ihe second half of his scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the “sixth” day or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Page 25 Company. When an employee’s shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at oneand-one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original shift he will be paid at lhis regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his “sixth” day or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of eight (8) hours work and be paid at time-and-onehalf provided he remains available if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of fifty-six (56@) per hour for each second shift worked, effective June 6, 1999. The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. 11.06 Walking as time paid for sectioln Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be considered worked. Walking Distance ancl Riding Time shall be as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. 11.07 An employee, who is called out for work after completing his day or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of his day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (1) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of his day or shift. Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05(a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours work exclusive of the tirne worked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on his “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05 (a), from the starting Page 26 time of the call-out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time-and-one-half.

 12.01 (a) The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. S’eniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, lay offs and recalls after lay-off. 12.01 (b) An employee who is employed on a full time basis by the Union shall retain his seniority for a period not exceeding twelve (12) months. It is agreed, however, that the twelve (12) month period shall be extentled for a further twelve (12) month period if requested in writing by the employee affected. 12.02 Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a sixmonth period. At the encl of this period, his seniority shall be established, and he shall be placed on the seniority list in the order of hire. 12.03 (a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to c-amp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a job, within the same Zone, for which he is qualilied, providecl that, having received advance notice in accordance lwith Section 12.04, he aclvises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on forms lo be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer or to be laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled in the Zone by employees with less seniority than those employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations Page 27 continue in other Zones for more than one (1) week, and subject to the following procedure. otherwise the zone will be the unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. An employee wishing to exercise his seniority rights in another zone must make application to the Company’s Employment Office within the three (3) consecutive work days immediately following the date of layoff, either in person or by letter postmarked during that period, otherwise he forfeits his right to bump on that occasion. 12.03(b) In transfers frorn one job classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. For determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified for Feller-Limber (Tree Length Skidding) shall apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. 12.03(c) The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirements. Employees shall not be considered for such jobs, unless they apply in writing within the five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreement. Employees accepiing the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days in which to qualify, (or further time as may be mutually agreed, if additional training is requirecl). Page 28 Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. When an employee has been trained to meet the job requirements he shall remain in that job for a minimum of three months from the date he is qualified unless displaced from that job because of lay-off or the bumping procedure. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. 12.03(d) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injuty, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days, shall be classified as a ternporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12,03(c) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on a Zone basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of lay-off from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. 12.04 In case of lay-off which is to exceed two (2) days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be macle to give employees as much advance notice of lay-off as possible. It is understood, however, this shall not apply in cases of whole or partial cessation of operations due to forest fires. 12.05 When the approximate time of recall is known at the time of layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such apPage 29 proximate date at that time, but in any case, notice in writing, will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. 12.06 The Company agrees to submit to the LJnion Office by January 31st of each year an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement. The list will also show each employee’s occupation, address, and Company service in days as specified in Section 6.03, as at December 31 st of the prior year. 12.07 A list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp showing the seniority order of the employees. 12.08 An employee’s seniority shall be broken and his name will be removed from the Seniority list if he. 1. QiJits voluntarily. 2. Is discharged and not reinstated. 3. Fails to report for work following recall, as provided in Section 12.05 of this Article. 4. Fails to return from a leave of absence on the date specified, unless his return towork is prevented by circumstances beyond his conlrol. 5. R e t i r e s . 6. Is laid off for twenty-four (24) months or more. 12.09 An employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain his seniority for a period not exceeding twelve (12) months from the date of prornotion or transfer, and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisions of this Article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. It is agreed, however, that the twelve (12) month period Shall be extended for a furthertwelve (12) month period if requested in writing by ,the employee affected. 12.10 When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment or due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment Page 30 on remaining jobs, in accordance with Article XII, to meet the Company’s labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively, they shall be trained by the Company. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal lay-offs. 12.11 Severance Pay An employee with three (3) or more years of service for whom no job is available because of mechanization, technological changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one weeks pay for ‘each year of completed service since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty (40) hours at the employee’s regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employee who chooses to receive the severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee’s name will be removed from the seniority list. 13.01 The IJnion shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have approval of the camp foreman before such posting.

 14.01 (a) For each employee on the payroll who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII, the Cornpany will provide appropriate single or family coverage in accorclance with the Blue Cross Drug Plan or its equivalent, and the Semi.private Hospital Care Plan. The Company will maintain coverage to employees who are off work due to a WSIB claim with the Company or a short term disability claim for up to a period of twelve (12) months. Page 31 The Company will continue coverage for a laid off employee to the end of tlhe month in which he was laid off. Coverage will resume on the date <the employee returns to work from lay-off. 14.01 (b) Effective July 1,1999, the Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of a medical certificate required to support a claim for benefits pursuant to the Weekly or Long Term Disability Plan. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of twenty-five dollars ($25.00) per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician. 14.02 Effective September 1, 1999, The Company will cover the cost of Chiropractic services to a maximum of fifteen dollars ($15.00) per visit to a yearly maximum.of ninety dollars (590.00) per family member.

 15.01 Effective September 1, 1!)99, the Company will maintain a Group Life Insurance Plan to provide fifty-five thousand dollars ($55,000.00) of Life Insurance fdr each employee while actively employed. The Company will pay 50% of the premium cost and the cost to the employee will not exceed thirty cents (30t) per one thousand dollars (!61 ,OOO.OO).

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of a Weekly lndernnity Insurance Plan. The Plan will provide seventy percent (70%) of weekly earnings (forty (40) hours times an employee’s regular rate) and pieceworkers, forty (40) times the Feller/Limber hourly rate up to a maximum of five hundred forty dollars (5540.00) weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compensable accident and after throe (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to a sickness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective July 1, 1999, for all new claims, the maximum will be increased to five hundred fifty dollars ($550.00) weekly for Page 32 any employee who commenced Weekly Indemnity. Effective September 1, 1999, for all new claims, the maximum will be increased to five hundred sixty dollars ($560.00) weekly, and effective September 1, 2000, for all new claims, the maximum will be increased to five hundred seventy dollars ($570.00) weekly. The Company will maintain and pay the full cost of a Long Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 55% of weekly earnings, payable to age sixty-five (6!j) or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first.

 17.01 When death occurs to an employee’s father, mother, spouse or children, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regiilar straight time rate [pieceworkers - eight (8) times the FellerLimber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate] for time lost up to a maxirnum of five (!j) days. When death occurs to an employee’s mother-in-law, fatherin-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law and grandparents, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller/Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the employee’s scheduled work days lost during this period. Any claim for bereavement pay must be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee’s immediate family. It is understood for purposes of this Article, step relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. Page 33

 18.01 In the case of an employee who is called for jury service or subpoenaed, the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight lime hourly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) h0l.m based on the Feller-LimberTree Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance.

 19.01 The Company will maintain a dental plan, with parlicipation compulsory for all employees, on the ,following basis. Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of service with the Company. (a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7 Elasic Plan and Rider No. 1. (b) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Ricler No.2 (50%). Maximum one thousand dollars ($1 ,OOO.OO) per family member per year. Effective September 1,200O increase from one thousand dollars ($l,OOO.OO) to one thousand five hundred dollars ($1,500.00) per family member per year for Class I and Class II covered expenses. Effective July 1, 1999, the Plan will be amended to provide for the application of the 1998 ODA Schedule of Fees. Page 34 Effective September 1” of every year hereafter, the Plan shall be amended to provide for e one (1) year lag in the ODA schedule of fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to lay-off or Leave of Absence, but in no case beyond the end of the month following the month in which such absence commenced. The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plan clesign outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administralive vehicle from among service carriers, insurance companies or self administration will be rnade by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. The premium cost of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. If during the life of this Agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 The Retirement Income Plan (1985) forms part of this Agreement. A description of the Plan is attached hereto for information purposes. Any questions of administration or interpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan text. Page 35

 The Company will provide a Vision Care Plan which will provide for expenses incurrecl by an employee and/or the ernployee’s covered dependents when recommended by a physician or optometrist as follows. frames, lenses, and the fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of one hundred and twenty-five dollars ($‘125.00) per family member, in any two (2) consecutive calendar years. Effective July 1, 1999, amend the Plan to provide a total payment of one hundrecl forty dollars ($140.00) per insured family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar years. IEffective September 1, 2000, the benefit amount wilt be increased to one hundred fifty dollars ($150.00).

 Effective July 1, 1999 the Company and/or the Contractor as applicable will provide a one cent (lc) per regular hours work’ed for each active employee to the unions education fund. Effective September 1, 1999, increase the one cent (I@) to ‘two cents (2c) per regular hour worked and effective September 1, 2000, increase the two cents (2t) to three cents (3~) per regular hour worked. Page 36 Elowater Forest Products Division (Thunder 8ay Woodlandg Operations) and Local 2693, WA - Canada September 1,1998 w August 31,200l Page 37 WAGE SCHEDULE !jeptember 1, 1998 to August 31,200i Position Number Bullcook Cook (i-20 men) Cook (20 men and over) Cook, Second Cookee Night 13aker Watchman, Camp Watchman, Night 200 Bus Driver 202 Camp, Dam, Bridge Construction Worker (experienced) 204 Carpenter (qualified) 357 Crew Leader, Standard Hourly Rate Plus 365 Feller, Limb and Top, Tree L.ength Fire Patrol Men Handyman 213 Jackhammer Driller Labourer, General 100 Mechanic Lead, 101 Mechanic, “A-1 102 Mechanic “A” Class 103 Mechanic, I 104 Mechanic, II 105 Mechanic Helper “A” Class 107 Mechanic Helper 249 Operator Brush Saw 220 Operator, Bulldozer “A” 221 Operator, Bulidozer”B” 281 Operator, Cable Skidder from F.B. 269 Operator, Chipper 261 Operator, Compactor 222 Operator, Compressor 230 Operator, Front End & Overhead Loader 280 Operator, Grapple Skidder 235 Operator, T/L Harvester 258 Operator, Skidder Scarify Page 38 Sept 1 Sept 1 Sept 1 W A G E SCHEDIJLE Sspteml~er1,1998 t o August31,2001 Position Number Operator, Hydraulic Loader Mounted on Slasher Operator, Feller Processor Operator, Forwarder Operator, Delimber Operator, One Man Slasher Operator, Machine (Trainee) (for newly hired employees) Operator, Mechanical Slasher Operator, Grader Operator, Power Saw, Non Prod. Operator, Pulpwood Harvester (Under training) Operator, Relief Operator, Screen Plant Operator Skidder (Tree Length) Operator, Tractor, Crawler Type General Use Operator, Backhoe Operator, Mobile Knuckleboom Loader Operator, Mechanical Feller Powderman Saw Tailer. Mechanical Slasher Truck Driver, Sand Truck Truck IDriver, Self-Loader Truck Driver, Single Axle Truck Driver, Snow Plowing Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Hauling Multiple Trailers Truck IDriver, Tandem Axle Haulino Trailers, Floats Welder, Lead Welder “A” Class Welder I Welder II Welder, Helper Class “A” Welder, Helper Page 39 Sept 1 Sept 1 Sept 1 23.!j8 23.!j8 23.!i2 23.!i2 23.ll 22.!i8 27.ll An employee who is assigned to train another employee or employees shall be paid his regular rate plus thirty cents (30~) per hour during the training assignment. It is agreed that incentives may be applied in conjunction with the daily rates which pertain to mechanical operations. Sept. f , 1994 Site Preoared. Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) E3are Site UnDreDElred. R o o t S t o c Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) lO.%/tree 8.5Cltree k 11.5tltree 9.5eltree A day worker using his power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of. eleven dollars ($11 .OO) per eight (8) hour day or shift when felling and limbing and twelve dollars ($12.00) per eight (13) hour day or shift when bucking at a landing on a skidding operation. The Bucking rate shall also apply to Brush Saw Rental. If he is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, he will be paid one-half day’s rental when he works less than four hours and full day’s rental when he works more than four hours. (c) F’ieceworkers who walk to work from camp a distance in excess of one and one-half (1 l/2) miles shall be paid on the basis of the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate for the time required to walk the excess distance. For ,lhe purpose of this Agreement it is agreed that the pieceworker will walk at the rate of three (3) rniles per hour. ii) VVhere Ipieceworkers are transported to work from camp, they shall be lpaid for Riding Time in excess of one-half (l/2) hour each way at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Page 40 iii) Where a day worker’s travelling time from camp to working place is composed of riding and/or walking time he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half (l/2) hour each way at his regular rate of pay. iv) Where e pieceworker’s or a day worker’s travelling time from camp to working place is composed of riding and walking time, he shall be paid the rate of pay as per this Agreement for all combined riding and walking time in excess of one-half (l/2) hour each way. The walking time based on the rate of one-quarter (l/4) of a mile equals five (5) rninutes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling time so computed shall be credited not less than once each month. (d) S C H E D U L E F O R C O O K E R Y P E R S O N N E L The following schedule of cookery personnel is agreed to. Number of Persons Eating Cook 2nd Cook Cookee Night Baker Total 14 or less Over ‘I 45 It is agreed that this schedule may be changed by mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced. Page 41 (with Mechanical Dishwasher) Number of Persons Eating Cook 2nd Cook Cookee Night Uaker Total i-14 It is agreed ‘that this Schedule may be changed my mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced. Where more than ten (10) men and less than ‘twenty (20) men are fed in the cookery at night, a Cookee will be assigned. Where twenty (20) or more men are fed in the cookery at night, a Cookee will be assigned and a Second Cook will be adcled to the cookery schedule and assigned with the Cookee at night. (e) C O M M U T E R S The Company and the Union agree that commuter operations shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. Commuters are employees who -(a) are resident wiihin reasonable Riding and/or Walking Distance of the area of operations; (b) for whom board and lodging are not made available by the Company. Page 42 The Company will arrange to provide free transportation from a designated marshalling point or points for each commuting area to the operating areas and return. Time spent by pieceworkers or day workers travelling on the vehicle provided from a marshalling point or points to debarkation point or points plus time spent walking from debarkation point or points to place of work in excess of one-half (l/2) hour each way shall be paid for on the following basis. a) Day workers at ,their regular rate of pay. b) Pieceworkers on mechanical cut and skid operations shall be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). A travel allowance for eaclh week of active employment for all employees who have established seniority shall be paid as per the following schedule. i/93 Scot. Allowances will not be paid to any employee where transportation is provided from a designated marshalling point to a recognized commuter operation. The allowance will not be paid for any full week that the employee is not at work. Where an employee is at work for only part of the week, he will receive the full allowance. The allowance will not be paid for any week in which an employee receives payment for transfer under Article 10.11 (a) and (b). Page 43 Allowances for new camps shall be relative to the foregoing and negotiated when such camps become operational. Apprenticeship openings will be filled in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.03(c) (job postings). Employees who meet the educational level specified by the apprenticeship act will qualify. There will be a probationary period of up to thirty (30) working days prior to entering into an apprenticeship agreement, during which time the employee may return, or failing to display the necessary mechanical aptitude be returned to his former job without loss of seniority. Any apprentice who fails to satisfactorily complete the Ontario Apprentice program may be retained in his classification and allowed to progress to Mechanic I without prejudice. Once an employee enters an apprenticeship contract, it is expected he will continue to fulfill the obligations of the contract, including necessary training periods in a vocational school. The apprentice may receive a weekly training allowance from the government while attending a Trade School Course. The Company will supplement this allowance to provide the apprentice with a total weekly income equal to forty (40) times his regular hourly rate of pay. Calculation of the Company’s portion will be based on the government allowance for an apprentice who is able to live at home while attending the Trade School. If the apprentice is required to live away from home in order to attend a Trade School, he will receive the Company pay supplement referred to above in addilion to any increased allowance paid by the government to an apprentice living away from home while attending School. An apprentice’s entitlement to Vacation with Pay, Paid Holiday Pay, Weekly Indemnity, Funeral and Bereavement Leave will not be affected by his attendance at a Page 44 Trade School, nor will his participation in any employee welfare olans in which he is enrolled. Providing a Tradesman has completed the time in the trade necessary to write for a Provincial Trade Certificate, he may write for such certificate ancl receive the “A” rate immediately following his course of studies and notification that a Trade Certificate will be issued. If an apprentice is entitled to a reduction in the term of his apprenticeship because of academic achievement he shall enter his apprenticeship at the proper category as per the Job Description. Required to work as an assistant to other mechanics as assigned. Shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class “A.” A Helper will commence to accumulate common mechanical. tools. In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall under the direction of mechanics of higher classification work on all types of equipment used on woods operations; shall be capable of performing the following jobs independently. tire repair, wash jobs, greasing and oiling service. A helper entering the trade at this level will commence to accumulate common mechanical tools. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Mechanic Il. In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for Page 45 further training he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. MECHANIC. ll He shall be capable under direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. It is expected that eligible personnel shall put forth every effort to obtain a Provincial Trade Certificate. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or cliesel powered equiprnent generally used in woods operations. He will be required to direct assistants working under him and must assume full responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. Where a present mechanic or a person subsequently hired has no certificate but has had special training and/or is assignet1 on only one type of equipment, he will automatically be rated as Mechanic I. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. He will be required to direct assistants working under him and must assume full responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He must be in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate recommended by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. Mechanics presently employed in this classification will nat be required to have a Certificate. f’age 46 In addition to fulfilling all of the qualifications of a Mechanic Class “A” ancl being in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate he shall have had advanced theoretical and practical training in equipment sub-systems or be in possession of both a motor vehicle mechanic certificate and a heavy duty equipment mechanic certificate recognized by the Ministry of L.abour of Ontario. A Mechanic Lead is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualifications set out under Mechanic Class “A” and in addition shall be capable of leading other mechanics. A Leacl Mechanic works under the direction of his Mechanical Supervisor, and has no authority to discipline or discharge other mechanics. Mechanics presently employed in this category are not required to have a Provincial Trade Certificate. Required to work as an assistant to welders as assigned. lie shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class “A.” In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall be capable under direction of performing the following. Oxyacelylene and electrical welding in flat position with opportunity of working in other positions. Cutting, soldering and brazing. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one (1) year Page 47 period to Welder II. In the avent that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for ,further training, he rnay at any tirne during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall be capable under direction of perforrning all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall also have an understanding of types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. Shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assignecl to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall be capable of performing both types of welding in all positions with all metals used on woods operations. He must assume responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. tie shall have an unclerstanding of types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. He shall be proficient in both types of welding in all positions with all metals used on woods operations. He must be able to fabricate from a blueprint. He must assume responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He must be in possession of the necessary trade certificate. Welders presently employed in this classification will not be required to have a Trade Certificate. f’age 48 A Welder Lead is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualifications set out under Welder Class “A” and in addition shall be capable of leading other welders. Welders presently employed in this category are not required to have a trade certificate. ‘Tradesmen will furnish all hand tools common to the tracle. Mechanics will furnish spanners up to 1 l/4” opening, sockets up to and including l/2” drive and 1 IPI” opening, adjustable wrenches up to 16” in length, hammers, chisels, punches and screw drivers. The Company agrees to replace any personal tools broken in service without delay, provided that such broken tools are returned. The Company agrees to provide tools to tradesmen at cost. The Company will provide on loan any special tools including power driven tools, testing and measuring instruments and gauges, pullers, sockets over l/2” drive, spanners over 1 l/4” opening. In the event that the common tools of tradesmen are required to be in metric measurements such tools shall be provided on loan by the Company. Once each year during the month of November, a group comprised of two (2) qualified management and two (2) qualified union representatives will meet and determine by review whether helpers and tradesmen qualify for up-grading. If in the interim, upgrading is necessary, it will be done by the designated management mechanical supervisor. Page 49 Dated and Signed at Thunder Bay, Ontario this 6th day of June, For the Union. Vice-President, Ontario and New Brunswick Woodlands &&dlands Managtd Thunder Bay R. J. fitree Superintendent, Labour Relafions Area Manager, Easl President,’ I.W.A. Canada - Local 2693 1st Vice-President, I.W.A. Canada-Local 2693 T?sgzzE Bruce Frost Business Representalive, Steward, l.W,A. Canada - Local 2693 Area Manager, West I.W.A. Canada-Local 2693 Steward, .A. Canada -Local 2693 Page 50 l l Group Life insurance Plan Long Tern? Disability Plan a Retirement lncorne Plan (1985) 4 Short Term Disability Plan Page 51 In this Plan, unless otherwise specifically provided. (a) “Employee” means a person in the active employment of the Company; “insurer” means the insurance company or carrier appointed by the companies for the purpose of this Plan; w “Plan” rneans the Ontario Woodsworkers Group Life Insurance Plan; “Company’ means the employer of an employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan; “Insurance” means the amount of Life Insurance payable upon the death of the employee; “Totally Disabled” means wholly and continuously disabled by sickness or an accidental bodily injury which prevents one from engaging in any occupation and from performing any work for remuneration or profit; “Effective Date” mea.ns June 1, 1971. (a) All employees of the Company, who are members or are eligible to become rnembers of the Local 26!33, IWA CANADA, shall be eligible to participatt? in this Plan, in accordance with the provisions listed herein. (b) Participation in this Plan is limited toeligible employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. (c) Participation in this Plan is compulsory. Eligible employees must submit a signed application card to Page 52 their employer authorizing deduction of the required premium. This signed application card must be returned to the Cornpany within thirty (30) days of the Company making this Plan available or before sixty-five (65) days of seniority have been accumulated, whichever is later. Each participating employee will contribute 50% of the prernium cost or thirty cents (30~) per thousand per month, whichever is the lesser. Fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00) per employee. Effective !September 1, 1999 increase the life insurance coverage from fifty thousand dollars ($50,000.00) to fifty-five thousand dollars ($!j5,000.00). (a) Insurance commences on the first (1st) day of the month following accumulation of sixty-five (65) days of seniority. (b) For a previously participating employee returning from lay-off or an authorized leave of absence, insurance commences on the first (‘1st) day of full time work. (c) Employees must be actively at work on the day this insurance commences, otherwise the insurance will commence on the date of return to work. ‘The insurance under this Plan shall terminate. (a) When the employee’s employment terminates. (b) Up to the end of the rnonth following the month in which the employee is laid off. (c) Up to the end of the lnonth following the month in which the employee commences an authorized leave of absence. Page 53 (d) The employee is no longer in receipt of disability benefits under the terms of the Ontario Woodsworkers Disability Benefit Plan. (e) The employee retires The insurer of this plan will be required to provide for the continuation of insurance for any “totally disabled” employee whose disability commenced prior to his sixty-fifth (65jh) birthday. This continuation of insurance will not require any premium payments by the employee. Proof of disability, satisfactory to ‘the insurer, must be provided at the request of the insurer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, insurance under this provision will terminate at age sixty-five (65). While an employee is in receipt of benefits under the Ontario Woodsworkers Group Disability Plan he may continue his group life insurance provided he continues to contribute his share of the premium as set out in Section 4. At an employee’s death from any cause while insured, the amount of insurance shall be paid prornptly to his beneficiary. The payment and the adjudication of claims are the responsibility of the insurer. Any employee covered by this Plan, may, subject to the provisions of any applicable law from time to time in force, designate a beneficiary to receive any benefits payable under this Plan on his death and may alter or revoke such designation from time to time. No assignment by {any employee of any insurance to which he may be entiiled under this Plan shall be valicl. Page 54 The insurer shall issue to the Company for delivenj to each employee covered under the Plan a certificate evidencing the coverage to which he is entitled under the Plan. Page 55 In this Plan, unless otherwise specifically provided, “Accident” is a bodily injury caused by external violent means; “Disability” is a disability preventing an employee from pursuing any gainful occupation arising from any mental infirmity, bodily disorder, or bodily injury, verified to the satisfaction of the company and/or insurer, ancl not otherwise excluded by this Plan; (cl “Employee” means an employee in the active employment of the Company, who comes under the jurisdiction of the Labour Agreement by and Ibetween Bowater Forest Products Division -Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations, and Local 269.3, IWA - Canada; “insurer” means the insurance company or carrier appointed by the Company; “Plan” rneans the Elowater Forest Products Division Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations Short Terrn Disability Plan for Thunder Bay Woodlands Employees; (f) “Company” means the Bowater Forest Products Division -Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations; “Weekly Earnings” mean, in the case of a day or shift worker, forty (40) hours x his regular rate; for a pieceworker “Weekly Earnings” mean forty (40) x the FellerLimber hourly rate; “lvledical Practitionei’means registered physician or surgeon, registered dentist, or registered chiropractor. (a) All employees of the Company shall be eligible to participate in this Plan, in accordance with the provisions listed herein. Page 56 (b) Employees will be able to participate in this plan on the earlier of acquiring forty-five (45) days of seniority with the Company or on tlhe first day following three months from the date of hire. The amount of disability shall be 70% of an employee’s regular wage but in no event less than 55% of normal weekly earnings, including over-lime, shift differential, bonus, etc. (as currently defined by E.I.) The weekly disability benefit will be subject to a maximum weekly disability benefit as follows. Effective September 1, 1997 five hundred forty dollars ($540.00) five hundred fifty dollars ($550.00) Effective July 1, 1999 Effective September 1, 1999 five hundred sixty dollars ($560.00) Effective September 1, 2000 five hundred seventydollars($570.00) The weekly maximum will not be less ,than the amount pay able for such week under the Unemployment Insurance Act 1971 and its Regulations as amended. 4. ELIGIEiILITY F O R P A Y M E N T (a) 0) Except in the case of a disability arising out of an accident, an employee shall be eligible to receive an amount of disability benefit in accordance with

 three (3) continuous days frorn the commencement of the disability, or beginning on the first day of hospital confinement as a bed patient, if earlier. (ii) In the case of a disability arising out of an accident, an employee shall be eligible to receive an amount of disability benefit in accordance with Section 3 hereof, for a period not exceeding fifty-two (52) weeks for any one accident, commencing from the date of the accident. (iii) Disouted W.S.I.B. Claim If an employee covered by the Weekly Indemnity Plan suffers a disabiliIy for which payment is in dispute or Piage 57 delayed with the W.S.I.B., Weekly Indemnity payment will be made retroactively if requested by the employee and provided he has been off work for at least one (1) month clue to the disability without W.S.I.B. having accepted the claim and providing the employee is subject to the rules and regulations covering ihe Weekly Indemnity Plan. If the W.S.I.B. claim is subsequently established, the employee will then repay the Weekly Indemnity payment(s) received to the appropriate fund or insurance company. (b) An employee absent from work and in receipt of an amount of disability benefit under this IPlan, shall continue to receive such benefit, even though a work shortage develops which would have resulted in his Ibeing laid off had he been at work, provided that the employee remains disabled and continues to furnish evidence salisfactory to the Company and/or Insurer, and verifies the continuance of disability. (c) An employee shall not be eligible for an amount of disability benefit under this Plan unless he is actively employed by the Company at the date that he becomes eligible or until he subsequently returns to active employment An employee making a claim for an amount of disability benefit after lay-off or termination of employment, for disability established to the satisfaction of the Company and/ or insurer as having occurred prior to his lay-off or termination, shall be eligible for an amount of disability benefit provided such disability was accompanied by a continuance of absence that commenced prior to actual lay-off or termination. (e) An employee shall be considered as eligible to submit a claim for benefit if he is requested to return to work within seven calendar days after the date of lay-off and is unable to return to work because of disability. Disability will be considerecl as starting from the date he is required to return to work. Successive periods of disability separated by less than four conseculive weeks shall be considered one period of disability, unless the subsequent disability is due to an Page 58 accident or illness entirely unrelated to the previous disability and commences after return to active employment on full time. An amount of disability benefit under this Plan shall not be paid in the event the absence is a result of. (i) Any injury arising out of or sustained while doing any act or thing pertaining to any occupation or employment for remuneration or profit, or (ii) Disability or loss (1) while the lprotected person is on or could be on Pregnancy/Maternity Leave, or (2) if a protected person fails to qualify for Pregnency/Maternity Leave because of failure to meet the length of service requirements, during the period of Pregnancy/ Maternity Leave that the protected person could be on if she qualified for such leave, in accordance with the Employment Standards Act 1974, Ontario or any other relevant provincial statutes, or (iii) Any injury or illness entitling the employee to compensation under any Workplace Safety Insurance Board or similar legislation, or (iv) Self-destruction or any self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane, or (v) Any injury or illness resulting from insurrection or war, whether war be declared or not, or from participation in a riot, or civil commotion, or (vi) Disability for which the employee is not under the treatment of a medical practitioner, or (vii) For a period of disability in excess of four weeks where treatment is rendered solely by a chiropractor. In the case of chiropractors, certification of disability will only be accepted for payment of benefit for up to a maximum of four (4) weeks per insured person per calendar year, or (viii) Alcoholism or Drug Addiction, unless the employee is undergoing a recognized course of treatment by Page 59 a specialist in care and treatment of alcoholism and/ or drug addiction, or unless the employee is undergoing regular rehabilitative treatment approved by the insurer and a physician. (h) An amount of disability benefit will not be payable for those days for which the employee receives holiday pay, vacation pay, or more than one-half day’s regular pay, from the Company. (i) An amount of disability benefit will not be payable following the normal retirement date of an employee, or other than retirement under the total and permanent disability provision of the Company pension plan. (i) An amount of disability benefit will not be payable following the early retirement date of an employee, if early retirement was approved prior to the onset of the disability. (k) The amount of disability benefit under this plan will be reduced by the amount of pension for which the employee is eligible under the total and pernianent disability provision for the Company pension plan. (a) In computing the amount of disability benefits, disability will be considered as starting from the first day of disability; however, an employee must bo certified by a medical practitioner for the disability within the first three (3) days of disability. In the event that the employee is not certified within the first three (3) days, disability will be considered as starting two (2) complete days prior to the day that the employee is actually certified by a medical practitioner. (b) A daily rate of payment for each calendar day of absence that qualifies for payment shall be one-seventh (i/7) the weekly amount of disability benefit under Section 3 hereof. (c) The amount of disability payments will be paid every week. Such benefits on account of short periods of disability will be lpaid as soon as the amount is ascertained. Page 60 MlSCEiLLANEOUS (a) An employee absent on an authorized leave of absence on the date he was to become eligible under this Plan, as set out in Section 4, shall, upon the date of his return to active employment, be eligible to participate in this plan. (b) If an employee who has been covered under the terms of this plan is granted an authorized leave of absence, such employee shall be considered as still covered under the terms of this plan up to a maximum of thirty-one (31) days, or up to the date he would have been laid off should lay-off occur during this period. The amount of disability benefit under this plan will be reduced by the amount for which the employee is eligible to receive under the disability benefits provision of the Canada or Quebec Pension Plan, or similar provisions in any other Government Plans for clisability, for which the employee is receiving or is eligible to receive an amount of disability benefit under this Plan, except for war disability pensions, Workplace Safety Insurance Board disability pension and Employment Insurance disability. It is understood that an employee receiving benefits under this Plan will make an application for Disability Bc?nefits under the Canada or Quebec Pension Plan when eligible to do so, and when the employee’s disability has been determined as being severe and prolonged by the employee’s physician. If the application is approved, benefits under this Plan will then be offset by the amount of CPP/QPP primary benefit received by the employee, retroactive to the date of eligibility as approved by the Canada or Quebec Pension Plan. (b) The company and/or insurer may require certification or verification of the amount of income from the Canada/ Quebec Pension Plan or such other Government Plans. (c) The amount of disability benefit in excess of the amount which should have been paid may be deducted from the amount of any future disability benefit, or repaid by the Page 61 employee to the Company and/or insurer, as the case may be lhrough some other mutually salisfactory arrangement. The Company and/or insurer reserves the right to require periodic physical examinations throughout the duration of the employee’s absence due to disability. Such eltaminations shall be conducted by a medical practitioner, designated by the Company and/or insurer. Cost of the physical examinations, transportation and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses related thereto will be paid by the insurer. (a) It shall be the obligation of the ernployee to notify immediately the company of his absence due to disability, following which the Company will issue the necessary initial claim forms to him. (b) Completed claim forms will be checked by the Company to determine whether or not an employee is a participant in the Plan and the Company may then forward the claim forms to the insurer as its agent for further processing. (c) The Company will meet the representatives of the Union from time to ,time, for purposes of discussing the administration of the plan and any problems which may arise. (d) Should an employee or the Union have any complaint concerning entitlements to benefits under the Plan, the matter may be taken up as a grievance and processed to arbitration as provided for under Article WI of the Collective Agreement, commencing at Stage 3. The arbitration board shall have powers to adjudicate on the merits of the grievance. Page 62 In this plan, unless otherwise specifically provided. (a) “Disability” is a disability preventing an employee ,from psrforming any and every duty of any occupation for which he is reasonably fitted by education, training or experience, arising from any mental infirmity, bodily disorder, or bodily injury, verified to the zsatisfaction of the Company and/or insurer, and not otherwise excluded by this plan; (b) “Eimployee” means an employee in the active employment of the Company, who comes under the jurisdiction of the Labour Agreement by and between Bowater Forest Products Division - Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations, and Local 2693, IWA - CANADA; (c) “Insurer” means the insurance company or carrier appointed by the Company; (d) “Plan” means the Bowater Forest Products Division Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations Long Term Disability Benefit Plan for Thunder Bay Woodlands Employees; (e) “Weekly Earnings” mean, in the case of a day or shift worker forty (40) hours x his regular hourly rate; for a pieceworker “Weekly Earnings” mean forty (40) x the Feller-Limber hourly rate; (f) “Company” means Bowater Forest Products Division Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations. (a) All employees of the Company shall be eligible to participate in this Plan, in accordance wilh the provisions listed herein. (b) Participation in this Plan is limited to employees who have accumulated forty-five (45) days of seniority with the Company. Page 63 The amount of disability benefits shall be 50% of an empioyee’s weekly earnings (as defined in Section 1 (e)), immediately preceding the date of disability (55% effective April 1, 1991) payable until the earlier of recovery, or attainment of age sixty-five (65). (a) An employee shall be eligible to receive an amount of disability benefit after fifty-two (52) weeks of weekly indemnity entitlement for the same disability under the Company’s Short Term Disability Benefit Plan. (b) An employee absent from work and in receipt of an amount of disability benefit, shall continue to receive such benefit, even though a work shortage develops which would have resulted in his being laid off had he been at work, provided that the employee remains disabled and continues to furnish evidence satisfactory to the Company and/or insurer, and verifies the continuance of disability. (c) An employee shall not be eligible for an amount of disability benefit under this plan unless he is actively employed by the Company at the date that he becomes eligible or until he subsequently returns to active employment. (d) In the event of a lay-off, an employee who is insured under the terms of this plan shall be considered as still employed for purposes of this benefit up to the end of the policy month next following the policy month in which the employee was laid off. (e) An employee making a claim for an amount of disability benefit after lay-off or termination of employment, for disability established to the satisfaction of the Company and/ or insurer as having occurred prior to his lay-off or termination, shall be eligible for an amount of disability benefit provided such disability was accompanied by a continuance of absence that commenced prior to actual lay-off or termination. (f) Successive periods of disability separated by less than Page 64 six consecutive months shall be considered one period of disability, unless the subsequent disability is due to an accident or illness entirely unrelated to the previous disability and commences after return to active employment on full time. (g) An amount of disability benefit under this plan shall not be paid in the event the absence is a result of, Any injury arising out of or sustained while doing any act or thing pertaining to any occupation or employment for remuneration or profit, or (ii) Self-destruction or any self-inflicted injury, while sane or insane, or (iii) Any injury or illness resulting from insurrection or war, whether war be declared or not, or from participation in riot or civil commotion, or (iv) Disability for which the employee is not under the treatment of a physician, or Alcoholism or Drug Addiction, unless the employee is undergoing a recognized course of treatment by a specialist in the care and treatment of alcoholism and drug addiction or the employee is undergoing regular rehabilitative treatment approved by the insurer and a licensed physician. (h) An amount of disability benefit will not be payable following the early retirement date of any employee, if early retirement was approved prior to the onset of disability. (i) An amount of disability benefit will not be payable for those days for which the employee receives holiday pay, vacation pay, or more than one-half day’s regular pay, from the Company. (j) An amount of disability benefit under this plan shall not be payable, while the employee is on or could be placed on Pregnancy/Maternity Leave, or Page 65 (ii) if an employee fails to qualify for Pregnancy/Maternity Leave because of failure to meet the length of service requirements, during the Pregnancy/Maternity Leave that the employee could be on if she qualified for such Leave, in accordance with the Employment Standards Act 1974, Ontario, or any other relevant provincial statutes. (a) The daily rate of payment for each calendar day of absence that qualifies for payment shall be one-seventh the weekly amount of disability benefit under Section 3 hereof. Payment of such benefits will be made in accordance with Section 5(b) below. (b) Disability benefits will be paid monthly in arrears. The monthly benefit is equal to 4.33 times the benefit under

 (a) An employee absent due to disability or on an authorized leave of absence, on the date he was to become eligible under this plan, shall, upon the date of his return to active employment, be eligible to participate in this plan. (b) If an employee who has been covered under the terms of this plan is granted an authorized leave of absence, such employee shall be considered as still covered under the terms of this plan to a maximum of thirty-one (31) days, (a) The amount of disability benefit under this plan will be reduced by the amount of primary benefits for which an employee is eligible under the disability benefit provisions of the Canada or Quebec Pension Plan or similar provisions in any other Government plans for disability, including Workplace Safety Insurance Board benefits, for the same disability which the employee is receiving an amount of disability benefit under this plan, except for War Disability Pension, Workplace Safety Insurance Page 66 Board Disability Pension, and except for increases in government benefits occurring twelve (12) months or more from the date of the first benefit payment; a. (b) The Company and/or insurer may require certification or verification of the amount of income from the Canada or Quebec Pension Plan or such other Government Plans; (c) The amount of disability benefit in excess of the amount which should have been paid may be deducted from the amount of any future disability benefit, or repaid by the employee to the Companyandlor insurer, as the case may be, through some other mutually satisfactory arrangement. The Company and/or insurer reserves the right to require periodic physical examinations throughout the duration of the employee’s absence due to disability. Such examinations shall be conducted by a physician or physicians designated by the Company and/or insurer. Cost of physical examinations, transportetion and reasonable outof-pocket expenses related thereto will be paid by the insurer. Should the employee so desire he may seek the opinion of a doctor of his choice; should the diagnosis of his doctor not be in agreement with that of the physician designated by the insurer and/or Company, a physician, who is a practicing specialist of the disability in question, satisfactory to the parties, shall render a final and binding opinion. It is understood that in the event an initial application for benefits is denied by the Insurer, the provisions of Section 8 pertaining to further medical opinions will be made available to the employee. An employee receiving an amount of disability benefits under this Plan may be asked to undergo reasonable rehabilitation measures which have been the subject of prior consultation with the employee’s doctor, at no cost to the employee. If such employee refuses to undertake such rehabilitation, he may be Page 67 declared not eligible for an amount of disability benefits. (a) It shall be the obligation of the employee to notify immediately the Company of his absence due to disability, following which the Company will issue the necessary initial claim forms to him; (b) Completed claim forms will be checked by the Company to determine whether or not an employee is a participant in the plan, and the Company will forward the claim forms to the insurer for adjudication and processing; (c) To assist the insurer in the proper adjudication and processing of claims, the Company and/or insurer may establish claims control procedures. (d) Should an employee or the Union have any complaint concerning administration of the Plan, the matter may be taken as a Grievance as provided for under Article VIII of the Collective Agreement. Page 68 As amended May 18,1988, June 2,1988, March 13,1991, February 1, 1994 and June 6, 1999. Definitions (a) “Comoany” means Bowater Forest Products Division Thunder Bay Woodlands Operations. (b) “One Year of Continuous Service” means service on the payroll of the Company totalling two hundred (200) work days or more (as specified under Article 6.03 of the Collective Agreement) from the last date of hire. (c) “Emolovee” means a person who (i) is employed in a full-time regular position including pieceworkers but excluding employees hired under the Silvicultural Addendum; (ii) is on the Company’s hourly payroll, and (iii) is a member of Local 2693, IWA - Canada. (d) “Member” means an Employee who has fulfilled the eligibility and enrollment requirements of Section 4. (e) “Member’s Account”means all contributions by the Member and the Company on behalf of the Member, plus investment earnings. (f) “Retirement means this Plan to provide retirement income benefits for Thunder Bay Woodlands Employees of the Company. (g) “Plan Trustee” means the trustee and/or insurance company appointed by the Company to be the administrator of the Plan and custodian of the Plan’s assets. The parties of this Agreement agree that there will be no change, suspension or discontinuance of the Retirement Plan for the life of this Agreement, except through mutual agreement by the parties to this Agreement or through government legislation. If, at any time, it shall be necessary or appropriate Page 69 to make any revisions in the Retirement Plan to obtain or retain any acceptance or approval by tax authorities or to comply with any applicable law, the Company will amend the Plan accordingly to comply. The conditions and provisions of this Ftetirement Plan will be embodied in the text of the Retirement income Plan for Woodlands Employees. Eligibility ancl Enrollment Each Employee at Septernber 17, 1985, and each Employee hired thereafter, shall join the Retirement Plan on the January 1st coincident with or next following the completion of One Year of Continuous Service, provided he is then an active Employee or is on authorized leave for vacation, jury duty or bereavement and lprovided that they are not then sixty-five (65) years of age or over. -Contributions- (mandatory oarticioation) The Company shall contribute sixty-five dollars ($65.00) for each calendar month to a maximum of seven hundred eighty dollars ($780.00) in a year, for which the Member receives pay for time worked, or is on weekly indemnity, long term disability, W.S.I.B. [first twelve (12) months only], vacation, jury duty, bereavement, maternity or is on temporary leave of absence on Union business or off-the-job training. Eligible Plan Members will also contribute to the Plan, at the rate of sixty-live dollars ($65.00) for each calendar month, to a maximum of seven hundred eighty dollars ($780.00) in a ysar. The Plan Member contribution will only be deducted if the Plan Member qualifies for the contribution as described above for the pay period and has sufficient net earnings from the Company during such period from which the deduction may be made. The amount of such contribution not deducted will be deducted from his pay in subsequent payroll periods in the same Plan Year unless the employee notifies the Payroll Office within a reasonable time that he wishes to forego the missed contributions and related pensionable service. Page 70 Once a Member begins to contribute, payroll deductions will automatically continue until the Member’s Normal Retirement Date. Contributions will commence for the period which ‘ends the later of September 17, 1985, or the date the Employee becomes a Mernber. ‘The Company will contribute a further sixty-five dollars ($65.00) per calendar rnonth for each calendar month that the Employee contributes his share to the Plan to a total combined maximum contribution of two thousand three hundred forty dollars ($2,340.00) per calendar year. Effective July 1, 1999, increase the current sixty-five dollar ($65.00) contribution to seventy dollars ($70.00) for a combined total maximum contribution of two thousand live hundred twenty clollars ($2,520.00) per year. Effective September 1, 2000, increase the seventy dollars ($70.00) to eighty dollars ($80.00) for a combined total maximum contribution of two thousand eight hundred eighty dollars ($2,880.00) per year. Companyancl Member contributions may not be withdrawn from the Plan while the Member is employed with the Company. Retirernent a t e s (a) Normal Retirement - The Normal fqetirement Date is the first day of the month following the Member’s sixty-fifth (65m) billhday. (b) Early Retirement - Early Retirement will be permitted at the election of the Member on or after the first day of any month following attainment of age fifty-five (55). -Retirernent - BenefitsAt retirement, the Member’s Account will be used to provide a pension payable monthly for life. The amount of annual retirement benefit payable to the Member will depend on the value of the Member’s Account, the Member’s age, the form of payment chosen, and the prevailing interest rates at retirement. Prior to Page 71 retirement, the Member may elect one of the following forms of pension depending on which one best suits his situation. (a) Life Only (b) Life guaranteed five (5) ten (10) and fifteen (15) years (c) Joint and fifty percent (50%) Survivor (d) Joint and one hundred percent (100%) !3rrvivor Pensions will normally be provided through the purchase of a life annuity from a life insurance company licensed to transact business in Canada. Termination of Employment Company contributions are immediately vested in each Member. Thus, when a Member terminates employment the Member remains entitlecl to the full value of the Member’s Account. The Member’s Account is locked-in and must be used for the provision of retirement income. Upon termination of employment for reason other than death or retirement, the Member’s Account must be transferred from this Plan to one of the following, as elected by the Member. (a) the pension plan of a subsequent employer, provided that such employer accepts the transfer and agrees to administer it on a “locked-in” basis; or (b) a personal “locked-in” registered retirement savings plan. “Locked-in” means that the funds and interest earnings thereon must eventually be used to purchase a pension, payable for life, from a life insurance company. As an exception, the Member’s Account will be paid in a lump sum cash settlement if such Member has less than two (2) years participation in the Plan at the date of ,termination. Transfers n A person who becomes an Employee of the Company may Page 72 elect to make a single lump sum transfer of monies to this Plan from a tax-sheltered pension plan of his prior employer. l’he amount transferred to this Plan will be administered in accordance with the rules of this Plan. Such Employee will be considered a new hire for purposes of enrollment in the Plan and eligibility for Company contributions. 10. Death In - Serv& Eiach Member will be required to designate a beneficiary at enrollment date. If the Member dies while employed by the Company, the Member’s Account will be paid in a lump sum to his named beneficiary or, in the absence of a valid Ibeneficiary designation, to his estate. Administration The Company will be responsible for all aspects of the Plan administration and will pay the cost of administering the Plan. Individual employee statements will be prepared and distributed annually by the Plan Trustee showing the Member’s position in the Plan. 12. Advisorv Committee A Pension Advisory Committee will be established with equal representation from both the Company and the Union to. Review performance of the present Pension Fund. ii) Review the present Plan and study possible alternative plans which are both cost effective and would provide appropriate pension income for retiree. 13. jqetiree Benefits For employees retiring on or after the first of the month following ratification (July 1, 1999) and up to age sixty-five (65), employees shall receive the benefits of the Drug and Hospital Care Plan and Life lnsurarlce Plan, if the employee agrees to pay the annual premium, payable in one lump sum at the beginning of each year. Page 73 between Bowater Forest Products Division (Thunder Bay Woodlands Oplerations) and Local 2693’ - I.W.A. Canada Page 74 Page Early Starting Times for Site Preparation and Tree Planting.. ... 90