Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions as specified in this agreement, and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of property. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide for fair and peaceful adjustment of all disputes that may arise between the Parties. It is recognized as a duty of the Parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein. The use of masculine gender in this Agreement shall be considered also to include the feminine. The Collective Agreement will be renewed for a !riod of three (3) years, october 1, 1 3to September 30, 1996, ,Itowing which the Agreement will be re-opened for the sole Jrpose of negotiating general wage increases only for a further two i) year period from October 1, 1996 to September 30, 1998. All other provisions of this Collective Agreement iking effect on October I,1993 will remain effective up to and cluding September 30, 1998, and from year to year thereafter riless either party desires to change or terminate the Agreement, in hich case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify te other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to October 1st f the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the greement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party, I writing, as to the changes desired. (a) The Company recognizes the Union as the sole ollective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are ngaged in woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of ie Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees hall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the mge schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, icluding those who are employed on job classifications which may ie established and become part of the attached wage schedule luring the term of this Agreement. (b) The employees of contractors engaged by the .ompany on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be .onsidered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of contractors andlor the contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonl) performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged foi the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with é central labour body covering such work. (c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. (d) There shall be no change in the method by which contractors maintain their equipment. Mechanical work shall be performed by members of Local 324. This shall not apply to specialized or warranty work. Specialized work is work that the employees do not have the ability or facility to perform. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in cordanoe with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of itario. The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a Dl irt of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement a significant iange in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the tached Wage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by !gotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement e matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating ethods, including major alterations in established work patterns quiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company II give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the 30-day period prior to the iplementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the ompany will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall be based on comparison ith prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the /age Schedule. 3t temporary rates. Any such rates will Following the implementation of such changes, egotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting om such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates sha become part of the attached Wage Schedule. In the event that the parties do not reacl agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30 days of the effective date of the change or alteration, the matter ma' be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. The 30-dal period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates, when established, shall be retroactivi to the date of establishment of the new Classifications. The Company agrees that when a rate for a joi classification is or becomes part of the attached Wage Schedule the Company will not change the method of payment for such joi classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if such i change adversely affects the average earnings of the employee. concerned.

ARTICLE Vlll -ADJUSTMENT OF GRIEVANCES The Company agrees that it is in favour of it! employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of thc Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafte provided. 6.02(a) Any employee who is now a member in goo< standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Unioi shall, as a condition of continued employment, maintain sud membership in good standing throughout the term of thi! Agreement. In the event of the Union suspending a.member, thc Company shall be notified by the Union, in writing, of the date of thi Ispension and the Company agrees to discharge the employee ithin seven (7) days of the date of notice of suspension. When hiring new employees the Company will, ter complying with Article XII Seniority, give preference to ommunication, Energy and Paperworkers Union members who ]ply and are capable of doing the work required of them. If Union embers are not available the Company will hire non-Union persons. he Company agrees to advise the Union from time to time of its bour requirements. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward ith a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. .02(c) New employees shall make application to join the nion when first approached to do so by a duly a'uthorized Union teward, Official or Representative. The Company shall upon hiring Avise all new employees by letter, with a copy to the Union Steward, I report to the Steward within ten (10) days of commencing work. ailure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be ause for immediate termination of employment. .O2(d) The Company shall put employees on check-off at ie time of hire or return to work and deduct the Union's monthly iembership dues from monies due him. Representatives of the Union carrying proper redentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection Jith Union business as it pertains to Company operations. .redentials carried by the Union representative shall consist of a Zertificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Inion. Representatives shall present their credentials at the Voodlands Office in Dryden, Ontario, and will be issued Company jasses. On arrival at camp the Union representative will report to he Camp Supervisor. Said representatives to be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. 6.04(a) The Union shall furnish the Company with a list of local officers and representatives and shall amend these lists as changes occur. 5.04(b) The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors. The Company agrees for an individual employee who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, to deduct upon his written request, union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be sent to the local Union. said remittance to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order in duplicate of names with Christian names where available and amounts by camp. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the following month. The Company agrees to include on each employee's income tax slip (T-4) the amount of Union Dues deducted in the calendar year. tRTICLE VI -VACATION WITH PAY .Ol(a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by heque to be issued at the time of termination of employment or, at i e employee's option, at the time of lay-off, or when vacation is iken. Each 2% increment of Vacation Pay entitles an mployee to one (1) week of time-off. .Oi(b) An employee who has been continuously employed one (I) year, has the right, and is expected to take his full mntilement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and lis Supervisor. 5r An employee has the right to take his full !ntilement to time-off, whether or not he has worked continuously or one (1) year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. ;.oz Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the ollowing basis. (a) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. (b) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (c) 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less than 4,000 days. 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4,000 days or more but less than 5,400 days. 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 5,400 days or more but less than 6,500 days. 14% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 6,500 days. Supplementary Vacation with Pay Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age 60 - 1 week ( 2% of gross earnings) Age 61 - 2 weeks( 4% of gross earnings) Age 62 - 3 weeks( 6% of gross earnings) Age 63 4 weeks( 8% of gross earnings) Age 64 - 5 weeks(lO% of gross earnings) Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all days on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or on off-the-job training, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty, subpoenaed witness and bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of days for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company. Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall e paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. .ew Year's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic loliday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, .hristmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it hall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on unday, it will be observed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred nd twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating olidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory ) the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of lay-off is prevented rom taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such iolidays. If an employee has any floating holidays remaining in December Ist, he may elect to take pay in lieu of time off. '.02(a) An employee, who qualifies under Article XII,

Section 8.03 it shall commence at Stage 3 of this Grievanct hitiy (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday and does not eave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday, and is ready 'or work on the morning of the second (2nd) day after the holiday, Jnless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances 3eyond his control, shall receive pay for the holiday unless he quits juring the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to thc holiday and is ready for work for the second day following thc holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements with the Compan! prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed tc between the Company and Union either at Camp level or a Management level. If an employee, who qualifies under Section 12.0; and who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30. days immediately prior to the holiday, is on authorized leave 01 absence other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during hie absence, provided he returns to work on time, unless his return tc work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 7.02(b) 7.02(c) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a lay-off during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. 7.02(d) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twenty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 21 day period. 7.02(e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the 14 calendar day period immediately following the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 ind is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time Iff for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. A special leave of absence shall be granted to a (ualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for .hristmas, in which event such an employee will receive pay for the iolidays provided he returns on time. Any request for such leave of ibsence must be made to the Camp Foreman no later than lecember 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid or the holidays. '.04(a) If qualified, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of .eller (Tree Length Skidding) for the holiday, and a dayworker shall )e paid a day's pay at his or her regular rate for the holiday. '.04(b) A day worker who is requested to work on any ioliday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and oneialf his regular rate for the first eight (8) hours of work and at the ,ate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in iddition, shall receive one day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the ioliday. 7.04(c) A pieceworker who is requested to work on a ioliday shall receive his earnings plus one-half day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

Article XII - Seniority. 8.01(a) It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto thz complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible. To thi end it is agreed that periodic meetings will be held between th Company and the Union to discuss the interpretation ant administrationof this Agreement. 8.01 (b) It is agreed that no grievance shall be processei which usurps the rights of Management. 8.01(c) It is generally understood that an employee has nl grievance until he has given his Foreman an opportunity to adjust hi complaint. This may be done during working hours. 8.02(a) The Union shall arrange for the election from it working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of i Union Grievance Committee of three (3), headed by a Unioi Steward who shall act as spokesman for the Committee. In thc absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegate( member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. lmmediateli affer an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp wil notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Stewarc and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and thc foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. Tht Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either tht Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time a! this procedure is carried out. It is agreed that there shall be no discriminatior exercised in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievancc Committee men. 8.02(b) A grievance under the provisions of this greement is defined to be any differences between the parties or etween the Company and employees covered by this Agreement ivolving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged ,alation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the mployee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having irisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervisor for djustment outside of working hours. The grievance shall be resented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the ireman, in accordance with this procedure, in writing, will be isposed of by the foreman in writing. Where a grievance has been ubmitted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages iereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) ours, then, STAGE 2 The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or the area Vice-president or his designate with the Division Superintendent or his designated representative within ninety-six (96) hours, in writing, on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Division Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 The matter shall be taken up by the Executive Officers of the Local Union and/or their designates with the Production Manager, Woodlands Operations, of the Company, or his representative. Failing a settlement within seven (7) days, then, STAGE 4 The matter shall be referred to the Resident Manager, Woodlands Operations, of the Company, or his representative and a Union Committee, accompanied by th Union's President and his National Representative. Failin' a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then, STAGE 6 Either party may, within the following fifteei (15) days, refer the matter to arbitration. A grievance arising from a claim by an employei that his discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust O contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writin! by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not late than ten (IO) days after the discharge or suspension become effective. When such an employee's grievance is not processec from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processec starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In case O discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company wi immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for sucl discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitiec to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event tha an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairli discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms an( conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Grievances which involve Company policy il respect to interpretation, application, administration, or allegec violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stagt 3 of this Grievance Procedure. If the Company has a grievance as defined ir

ARTICLE XVll -BEREAVEMENT PAY Procedure by the Woods Manager or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactoJ settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred tc ,ettlementwithin seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to ?e President of the Union or his representative by the Vice'resident, Woodlands, of the Company or his representative. .ailing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may iithin the following fifteen (1 5) days refer the matter to Arbitration. In arbitration the Company and the Union shall !ach select one (1) man. these two shall select a third man who ;hall act as Chairman. Either patty shall appoint its nominee not ater than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other iarty's nomination. This Arbitration Board shall convene and render I decision promptly and such decision shall be final and binding on 10th parties of this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two 2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third man as irovided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to ippoint a third man. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from nutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising )ut of discipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration 3oard shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall leal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no lower to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the 'unction of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider ldjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and ates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to revise the 'ates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all axpenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees an( expenses of the third member of the board. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutory and Legal Holiday8 shall not be included in any time limits in this Article of thi Agreement.

 There shall be no strikes caused, called 01 supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by thi Company during the life of this Agreement.

 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shal co-operate collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a join1 safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safet) Committee each calendar quarter. The position of the Chairmar shall alternate between a Company Co-chairman and a Union Co. Chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report ir triplicate - copies going to the Company Office, the Union Office and the Camp Bulletin Board. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good Irk trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation actices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid an in each camp, such First Aid Man to have proper visible entification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its imp access roads in good condition when in use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid its and 2-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles !gularly used for the transportation of men, 3.03(a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 3 inches in width, spaced at least 38 inches apart. All mattresses Tall be either airfoam, plastifoam, or spring filled mattresses. ihere these conditions require changes in present camps such hanges shall be effected within the term of this Agreement. In onstruction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all ding quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than two (2) mployees per room. In the case of cookery personnel, the .ompany agrees to provide, in the construction of new camps, uitable living quarters housing not more than one (1) employee per 3om. Where such cookery staff accommodations are currently ,vailable, they shall be SO arranged and provided. The Company agrees to supply two (2) clean ;heets and one (1) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed .over for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees iewly arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once tach month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed .lothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all imes. 10.03(b) It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees' living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a TV set where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets, showers and laundry washing and drying machines. During the first year of this agreement, a T.V. Satellite Dish will be installed at all year-round live-in camps. A lockup storage type locker will be provided for each man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees' cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. 10.03(c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03(d) The Company agrees that fly control measures shall be carried out at regular intervals during the summer operating season and camp pest control as required. 10.03(e) Night watchmen shall be employed in all major operating camps during the heating season unless an Underwriter approved fire detection and fire warning system is installed. 10.03(f) All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical and as arranged on a camp basis by majority vote. ).04(a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable iod, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods shall 2 handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. ood sewed to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of gh quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include, fresh fruits, .getables and greens. D.04( b) Butter shall be supplied on the tables at all meals i d on coffee tables and shall not be mixed with any substitute. largarine will be made available to employees on request. D.O4(c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in mtainers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh iilk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 0.04(d) Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other iutual arrangements have been made. The preparation of lunches hall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the ‘rapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of ooked meats and fresh fruit. Suitable heated lunch shacks shall be provided on Il mechanical operations. Such shacks to have protective creening during the summer months. The Company will provide ach cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch building for year-round Ise. O .04(e) O.O4(i) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, ifternoon and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided iy the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, .offee breaks shall be on Company time. 10.04(g) The charge for board and lodging shall be On, Dollar and Seventy-Five Cents ($1.75) per calendar day. 10.05(a) It is agreed that present standards of service wi be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service laundry, recreation and motion pictures. It is understood that thi showing of moving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TI is available. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities fo the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for SUCI services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. 10.06(b) The Company agrees to supply kitchen personne with white aprons, and smocks, on loan, and other suitable uniforn apparel, at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterio clothing without charge. Washing and drying machine facilities wi be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. iO.O5(c) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employee's personal belongings and loss b! fire or theft of employee-owned power saws to a maximum of Twc Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00). Additional free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools will be provided et the full value of such tools while on Company property or worksite. and as documented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It i. understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall onl! apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee-owned power saw. due to Company negligence will be compensated for by thc Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a firi willfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for an! resultant loss. Suitable arrangements for protection against theft O employee-owned power saws will be made at camp level betweei the Company and the Union. D.06(a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday. 0.06(b) Interim advances will be made only in instances of vident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on Thursday pay ay or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. O.O6(c) In instances of authorized extended leave of bsence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the mployees' payroll credit. 0.06(d) A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to ach employee for each pay period. This statement will carry omplete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued 'acation Pay credit, and deductions, covering the period. .xplanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. 0.06(e) Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of terinination f employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Lompany agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a JIIsettlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, iaturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. The Company will provide each pieceworker with a ninimum of one (1) scale per week, and will provide each iieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be liven to each pieceworker at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the vood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information, vhere applicable. Number of cords or number of pieces (Tree .ength), Riding and/or Walking Bonus, Footage of strip or Main toad Cut; and Poor Bush Bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the jo will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When a operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a mint mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such tools as are require1 on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged for i full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tool free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools arm returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools c equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. No employee shall operate a tractor or liks equipment owned or leased by himself or by another employee in thr cut and skid operations of the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will bl provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools ani equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, thi following. Light metal power saw wedges, same to bi replaced when returned in a worn out or broke! condition. One (1) safety type gasoline container. One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agrees to stock two types of powe saw chains, and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links ant rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoice( cost to the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be ivided with free power saw gas and oils. .09(a) At each operating camp, a separate building will be wided for the storage of power saws. Said building shall contain fficient lockers for storage. In addition, a suitable, separate ated building with work bench, vise and compressed air will be wided for the repair of power saws. No power saws shall be laired or stored in living and/or selvice quarters. Each employee all cooperate in maintaining the building in a clean and safe ndition. The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all fety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except iety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. .09(b) To subsidize the cost of required apparel such as fety pants, boots, gloves and mitts, the Company will make a onete annual payment in the amount of $100.00 to each active iployee with a minimum of six (6) months seniority, and payable in zember of each year. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will t become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government gislation. i.O9(C) I loan, to Lunch boxes and thermos bottles shall be issued all employees and shall have been sterilized before issue. Only factory built buses shall be used for the roac transportation of men. Same to have adequate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks foi the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, equip all buses transporting men with two-way radio, anc will have either communication or transportation available ai designated waiting places. 1O. 11(a) The Company agrees to provide free transportatior to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms 01

 Employees shall have the option of using their owr vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall firs1 notify the Company of his intention to do SO and shall be paid 20$ per kilometer. 10.11(b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates foi dayworkers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate per day foi pieceworkers, and normal travel time, outside an employee's scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eighi (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the above rates for pieceworkers. 10.11(c) Each employee required to travel from hidher place of residence to another community will be paid $25.00 per week. It is understood that in order to qualify for this ayment, the employee must have exercised his bumping rights nder Article XII. It is further understood that such employee will ?ceivethis payment for a period not exceeding 6 months. It is further understood that employees are not Zquired to each drive their own vehicles in order to qualify for travel Ilowance. iENERAL 0.12(a) The Company, consistent with its Policy to iromote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an !mployee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is leemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will ie maintained by his Supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.12(b) The Company agrees that there will be no ;hacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement, who ire engaged in producing and delivering operations on its limits and/or work sites, unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the 2ompany. 10.12(c) The Company shall provide the Union Steward in 3ach operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to ronduct Union business. 10.12(d) All tradesmen and helpers will be supplied with suitable coveralls. Where an employee performs alternate work assisting trades people, the Company will supply the same suitable coveralls, where required. 10.12(e) Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bus garage, or who are required to provide maintenance or repe services outside the town limits, will receive thirty-five cents(. cents) an hour premium for all such hours worked. Where employees are normally scheduled for eigl hours per day and when such an employee is required to work moi than 4 hours overtime, he will be provided an adequate lunch I arrangements will be made for same.

 11.O1 (a) The week for operations shall be six (6) days pc week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall b forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusiv or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (4 hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusivt Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in daywork jobs on the da shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employee may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shi or work week and will be paid in accordance with Section 11.05(é for such time worked. If an employee requests to be excused fror working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. I .01(b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid iliday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.OO rn.that day and end at 7.OO a.m. the day following. i.O2(a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) msecutive hours between the hours of 7.OO a.m. and 5.OO p.m., ealtime excepted. I.OZ(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) msecutive hours behveen the hours of 7.OO p.m. and 5.OO a.m., ealtime excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night lift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by utual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 7.OO p.m. in .cordance with the provisionsof Section 11.03(b). 1.03(a) A night shift differential of fifty-five cents (55é) per )Ur shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift ork. 1.03(b) On other two-shin operations, the first shift shall m i s t of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall Dmmence at 7.OO a.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of 8 msecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to .O0p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of fifty-five cents (556) er hour. 1.03(c) On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight 3) Consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three 3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows. Starting Time (between hours of) IstShift 7am-8am 2nd Shift 3 pm 4 pm 3rdShift 11 pm-12pm Stopping Time (between hours of) 3pm 4pm 11 pm-12pm 7am - 8am Shift Differential Nil 55 cents 65 cents 11.03(d) The hours of work and the "sixth day" for day workers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift, he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least 8 hours between shifts worked. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements, such starting times for employees within any given job classification shall be confined to a one-hour period. On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis. If an employee, who has completed his scheduled k week, is required for work on his day off, such overtime shall posted on the preceding Thursday, If he is available for the ted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to imence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive four hours pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 35(a) provided he remains available for the four-hour period if so uested by the Company. During the period of May to August, irification operations may commence at 6.OO A.M. two shift During the fire season, scheduled hours may be red to provide for early start up when necessitated by fire hazard ngs, as determined by the M.N.R. guidelines. It is understood the starting time may be advanced up to two (2) hours except where travel time is more than one (1) Jr, the maximum advance will be one (1) hour. ,04(a) A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full or shift for reasons beyond his control shall be paid for one-half f if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works ire than four (4) hours. A pieceworker who will lose more than one (1) hour work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall paid for all hours lost in excess of the one (1)hour at the rate of Her, Limber, Tree Length Skidding, provided he reports to the pervisor, remains available and accepts alternate daywork if SO quested by the Company. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hot for reason of lack of assignment of area to cut, andior time require in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall b made for all hours lost. 11.04(b) A day or shift worker who reports for work at hi scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due t reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at hi regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from hi scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned an1 commences regular work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the firs half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above paymer shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04(a) will appl) Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of thi shift, he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. Thi Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitate. a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Sectior 11.03(d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8 hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for thr second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Compan! gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours ir advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, hr may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employer does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in thc camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu O' days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp lit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall ? laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In ?ither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise ?niority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day illowing the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted i exercise his seniority on his return to work. Notification and reporting procedures shall be stablished locally. l.OS(a) Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day r shift, and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his esignated "sixth day" day (Saturday or Monday) or outside his ?gularshift shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of iork on an employee's designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) ndon Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be .istributedon as equal a basis as possible among the employees in i e camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification equiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall iot be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. ll.OS(b) Employees in the classifications specified below nay be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40)hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and i not subject to the other provisions of Article XI. (a) Cook (b) Cookee (c) Watchm. For employees in the job classifications list above, the hours of work per day or shift and per week will scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight 1 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the wc day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in a twelve (12) hour period divided into not more than two ( parts provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hoL between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five ( consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduli eight (8) hours per day or shifl, all hours worked in excel of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on h "sixth day (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall t paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. If an employi requests to be excused from working overtime, permissic will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications wt is unable to work the full day or shifl for reasons beyond h control, shall be paid for one-half day if he is available at tt start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if t remains available for the start of the second half of h scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth" day or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one-and-one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original shift he will be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his "sixth day or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work and be paid at time-and-one-half provided he remains available if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of 45$ per hour for each second shift worked. The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be isidered as time worked. Walking Distance and Riding Time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. An employee, who is called out for work aflei completing his day or shifl, or more than one (1) hour before the start of his day or shifl shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pa) at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (1) houi period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of his day or shift. Wiiere the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05(a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours work exclusive of the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05(a), from the starting time of the call-out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time-and-one-half. During spring break-up the hauling of wood fiber may commence early on Mondays. Hours to be defined by mutual agreement.

 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, lay-offs and recalls afler lay-off. Employment of any new employee shall be isidered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days hin a six-month period. Seniority of new employees shall be .ablished at the end of this period and shall be effective from the .e of employment. ,03(a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis .ecalls, promotions,transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of sonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees SO ected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance .ice in accordance with Section 12.04, he advises the Company, 3r to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on ms to be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer or to laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Immittee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled by iployees with less seniority than those employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are vasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide niority will be applied only when operations continue in other ;trick for more than one (1) week, otherwise the district will be the it of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so .03(b) Im within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed however, that temporary appointmer may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than t\i (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bullel boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirement Employees shall not be considered for such jobs, unless they app in writing within the five (5) day period. All jobs will be fiiled from among the qualifii applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreemer Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) WO days in which to qualify, (or a further time as may be mutua agreed, if further training time is required). Failure of an employee qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss seniority or benefits. The Company shall post notices in camps showir the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies, ar newly created jobs. 12.03(c) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbei has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavemei leave, jury duty, subpoenaed witness, and/or a leave of absence nl exceeding thirty (30) work days, shall be classified as a temporai vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Sectic 12.03(b) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary naturi The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is tk camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the cam unit it shall be filled on an area basis. When regular operators ai not available, spare operators will fill all temporary vacancies an third shifts when created for the stump to roadside workforce. The employee who had occupied the job upon his turn to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, at the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee i o for reasons of notice of lay-off from his former job has exercised s seniority on this particular job. In case of lay-off which is to exceed two (2) irking days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to ? laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of ich said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company Il provide two weeks' notice of layoff in the case of shutdowns due market conditions or plant shutdowns. When the approximate time of recall is known at e time of layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such ,proximate date at that time. But in all cases, notice in writing, will sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) iys before he is required to report for work. Employees will be !quired to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work ithe date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, writing. 2.06(a) An employee's seniority shall not be broken by ickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, licensed dentist r licensed chiropractor. An employee's seniority shall be broken if he quits, he is discharged and not re-instated, if he fails to report for work ilowing recall as provided in Section 12.05 of this Agreement, if he ails to return from leave of absence on the date specified unless he as been prevented from returning on time by circumstances beyond is control and the Company has been so notified, and if he has leen laid off for twelve (12) months or more, with the exception that 2.06(b) continuity of service will extend up to, but not more than twenty-fol. (24) months if requested in writing by the employee before th elapse of twelve (1 2) full months or lay-off. The Company agrees to submit to the Union ai alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by thi. Agreement as of April lst, showing Company seniority dates. Thi Company will endeavour to have this list sent to the Union by the firs of May of each year thereafter. A seniority list shall be prepared and postec monthly in each camp showing the seniority dates of each employe1 with the Company. In transfers from one job classification to another senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, ar employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. FOI determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work the rate specified for Feller-Limber (Tree Length Skidding) shal apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. An employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one (1) year. An employee who is promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one ( 1 ) year, When Jobsare discontinued due to the introduction iew methods and equipment, or due to curtailment of operations, icted employees shall be offered alternate employment in .ordance with Section 12.01 to meet the Company's labour uirements, and if such employees require training to perform the !mate employment effectively, they shall be trained by the rnpany, provided that the jobs they have applied to be trained for expected to last for a period of three (3) months or more It IS understood this does not apply to seasonal lay-offs. The Union shall have the right to post notices iling with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, .h notices to have approval of the Company before such posting. .opy of the notice is to be given to the Camp Supervisor for his .ords. Effective the first of the month following date of ification for each empbyee on the payroll who has established niority in accordance with Article XII, the Company will provide propriate single or family coverage in accordance with Blue Cross ug Plan or its equivalent, and Semi-private Hospital Care Plan. The Company will maintain coverage to employees are off work due to a Workers Compensation claim or a Short !rm Disability claim for up to a period of twelve months. The Company will continue coverage for a laid of employee to the end of the month in which he was laid off. Coveragi will resume on the date the employee returns to work from lay-off.

 The life insurance coverage for an individua employee will be forty-five thousand dollars ($45,000) fully paid b) the Company. Each participating employee who is actively ai work, may elect to be insured for an additional amount of fifteer thousand dollars ($15,000) of term life insurance. An employee whc elects this additional coverage, will be required to contribute $4SC per month. The Company agrees to maintain the contribution leve until the termination of this Agreement.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of a Short Term Disability Plan. The plan will provide seventy (70) percent of weekly earnings forty (40)hours times an employee's regular rate and pieceworkers, forty (40) times the Feller/Limber hourly rate, up to a maximum of four hundred ($400.00) weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compensable accident and after three (3)continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to a sickness and Will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-WO (52) weeks. Effective May 1, 1994 the maximum will be increased to four hundred and eighty ($480.00) dollars weekly. Effective October 1, 1994, the maximum will be icreased to four hundred and ninety-five ($495.00) dollars weekly. Effective October 1, 1995, the maximum will be icreased to five hundred and ten ($510.00) dollars weekly. Effective October 1, 1996, the maximum will be icreased to five hundred and twenty-five ($525.00) dollars weekly. Effective October 1, 1997, the maximum will be icreased to five hundred and forty ($540.00) dollars weekly. Effective April 9, 1994, the Company will ompensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for ompletion of a medical certificate required to support a claim for lenefits pursuant to the Short Term Disability Plan. Such payment hall be to a maximum amount of $15.00 per certificate and will be iitiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician . The Company will maintain and pay the full cost of Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 50% of veekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, vhichever occurs first. I Long Effective July 1, 1991, for all employees actively jmployed, the Plan will provide for benefits of 55% of weekly iarnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever =curs first.

 When death occurs to an employee's spouse children, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral ai shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time ra (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller-Limber Tree Leng Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) day The day of the funeral must be one of the five (5) days. When death occurs to an employee's fathc mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-la\ sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, grandparents at grandchildren, the employee will be granted leave to attend tt funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straig time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller/Limber Tri Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of thri (3) days. The day of the funeral must be one of the three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee 1 attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted fi the employee's scheduled work days lost during this period. Any claim for bereavement pay must be submitte by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof I bereavement in the employee's immediate family. It is understood for purposes of this Article, ste relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. If an employee's family member dies while th employee is on vacation, his vacation shall be extended by th number of days of bereavement leave for which he would hav qualified. RTICLE XVlll In the case of an employee who is called for jury wice or as a subpoenaed witness, the Company shall pay, for ich day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference !tween eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time iurly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) hours based on the Feller-Limber 'ee Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for ry service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay ceived therefore when making his claim for such allowance. The Company will provide a dental plan, with irticipation compulsory for all employees, on the following basis. Participation in this plan is limited lo employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. (a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7 Basic Plan and Rider No. 1. (b) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No.2 (50%). (c) Plan to provide coverage for fissure seal treatment. Maximum $1,000.00 per calendar year per person. Effective May 1, 1994, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1992 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 1994, amend the Plan to provide foi the application of the 1993 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 1995, amend the Plan to provide foi the application of the 1994 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 1996, amend the Plan to provide foi the application of the 1995 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 1997, amend the Plan to provide foi the application of the 1996 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is of1 work due to lay-off or Leave of Absence, but in no Case beyond the end of the month following the month in whicisuch absence commenced. The Plan will be administered in accordance with ar appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plar design outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers, insurance companies or self- administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study oi these alternatives. The premium cost of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. If during the life of this Agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended SO as to eliminate said benefits. The Retirement Income Plan (1985) forms part of lis Agreement. A description of the Plan is attached hereto for iformation purposes. Any questions of administration or iterpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan text. The Company will provide a Vision Care Plan vhich will provide for expenses incurred by an employee andior the !mployee's covered dependents when recommended by a physician )r optometrist as follows. Effective May 1, 1994, frames, lenses and the itting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of $100.00 per insured family member in any two (2) consecutivi calendar years. Effective October 1, 1996, the benefit amount wi be increased to $125.00. ilGNED AT DRYDEN, ONTARIO, THIS 27TH DAY OF MARCH, Dryden Woodlands Operations Lorne Crawford Don Maskerine Frank Wirk Roger Barber Graeme Olson Rene Lindquist Joe Ruete Ritchie Mihalick George Smith Russell White Mary Meawasige October I,1993 to September 30,1996 Oct. Cook Cookee Watchman Bus Driver Fellers and Buckers Handyman Helper Mechanical Equipment 19.60 Labourer, General Operator, Backhoe 19.60 Operator, Tractor, Wheel Skidders Operator, Bulldozer "A" Operator, Bulldozer "6" Operator, Machine Scarificat. 20.55 Operator, Forwarder Operator, Front-End Loader, Drott, Hough Operator, Crane, with Certificate Operator, Crane, no Certificate Operator, Pulpwood Harvester Operator, Pulpwood Harvester (under training) Oct. Oct. #perator.Mechanical Piler lperator, Mechanical Slasher20.30 ‘perator, Hydraulic Loader Mounted on Slasher20.30 Operator, Hydraulic nloader Mounted on Slasher20.30 lasherman Loader Operator Automatic Slasher 20.81 Iperator, Grapple Skidder iperator, Flail iperator, Feller Buncher op Loader elief Operator ,rader Operator lechanic Class A lechanic Class B lechanic Class C ead ,elper A lelper E? Jelder Class A Jelder Class E? Jelder Class C ead lelper A lelper E? ruck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers ruck Driver Tandem Axle Hauling Trailers (in excess of 1O 2 in Width) Truck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers (in excess of 102' in Width) Truck Driver, Single Axle Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Truck Driver, Trailers and Floats Power Saw Operator (non-productive) Tree Planter Trainee Machine Operator (for newly hired employees) Applied for Maximum of 15 Shifts Operator, Koehring Feller-Forwarder Operator, Rogers Delimber SAWMILL (Contractor) Operator Debarker Operator Chipper An employee who is assigned to train another employee or employees shall be paid his regular rate plus thirty cents (30$) per hour during the training assignment. ree Planter abourer rew leader, egular Rate Plus iecework Rates Manual Planting ite Prepared are Root Stock 10.5 centdtree ubed Seedlings (paper pots) 8.5 centshree ite Unprepared are Root Stock 11.5 cents/tree ubed Seedlings (paper pots) 9.5 centsfiree Imployees on the regular seniority listing may elect to work on ither the day or piecework wage schedule.) power Saw Rental A day worker using his power saw at Company request will be aid a power saw rental of. Per 8-hour day or shift when felling and limbing Per 8-hour day or shift when bucking at a landing on a skidding operation If he is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond hi. control, he will be paid one-half ch) day's rental when he works les! than four (4) hours and a full day's rental when he works more thar four (4) hours. Handicapped Workers A special rate may be established by agreement betweer the Company and the Union for aged and handicapped workers. The Company and the Union agree that commute operations shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. Commuters are employees who (a) are resident within reasonable Riding and/or Walking Distance of the area of operations; (b) for whom board and lodging are not made available b) the Company. The Company will arrange to provide free transportatior from a designated marshalling point or points for each commuting area to the operating areas and return. Time spent by pieceworkers or dayworkers travelling on the vehicle provided from a marshalling point or points to debarkatior point or points plus time spent walking from debarkation point 01 ints to place of work in excess of one-half hour each way shall be id for on the following basis. a) Dayworkers at their regular rate of pay. b) Pieceworkers on mechanical cut and skid operations iall be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Pieceworkers who walk to work from camp a distance in cess of one and one-half (1%) miles shall be paid on the basis of e Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate for the time required to walk e excess distance, For the purpose of this Agreement it is agreed at the pieceworker will walk at the rate of three (3) miles per hour. Where pieceworkers are transported to work from camp, ey shall be paid for Riding Time in excess of one-half (%) hour ich way at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Where a dayworker's travelling time from camp to working ace is composed of riding andior walking time he shall be paid for I travelling time in excess of one-half (W) hour each way at his !gular rate of pay. Where a pieceworker's or a dayworker's travelling time from amp to working place is composed of riding and walking time, he hall be paid the rate of pay as per this Agreement for all combined ding and walking time in excess of one-half ('A) hour each way. he walking time based on the rate of one-quarter ('A) of a mile quals five (5) minutes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling me so computed shall be credited not less than once each month. 14 men or less I 5 men to 25 men 26 men to 45 men 46 men to 65 men 1 cook 1 cook, 1 cookee 1 cook, 2 cookees 1 cook, 3 cookees GUTTING AND SKIDDlt$G TREE LFNGTH (Wheeled Skidders Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as pei the following schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder wit1 winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (73é)cents per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter measurement shall be clearly marked on the butt of each tree length by the scaler. No Cutting Bonus in addition to Schedule Rates, No Poor Bush Bonus to be paid on pulpwood or byproducts. The number of employees in each cut and skid crew shall not exceed three (3)at any time. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in any strip or block. Every attempt will be made to assign adjoining alternate strips. If these two strips yield less than thirty (30) cords, each crew member will be paid one hour at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. The Company will not normally exceed 600 feet when cutting strips. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in each strip. Exceptions will be dealt with on a local basis. Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with Subsection (Ill) (Walking Distance and Riding Time). When, at Company request, the crew is required to sor wood by species, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or a tota of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Company will endeavour to clear skidway sites. Where this is done by the crew at Company request, 7.62% of base earnings will be paid. w iIAM. SPRUCFl JACKPlNE i8 io (Wheeled Skidders Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as per the following schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (73e)cents per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Crew will consist of a maximum of two (2) men. (il Maximum skidding distance 900 feet when skidway placement not adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. (ii) Maximum skidding distance 1,200 feet when skidway placement adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to be clearly marked on each butt by the Scaler. No cutting bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to be paid on pulpwood or byproducts. mRmsEmu When, at Company request, the crew is required to sori wood, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or a tota of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Where skidway sites are prepared by the crew, 7.62% oi base earnings will be paid. Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with subsection (Ill) Walking Distance and Riding Time. lCMI Between Dryden Woodlands Operations and Certain understandings from the Memorandum of Agreement between the two parties dated 16th March 19S9 were renewed as set forth hereunder. Small Crews It is agreed that where necessary, in the cutting of main roads beyond the normal camp cutting area, temporary small crews of not more than three crews (two men to a crew) may be required to batch. The Company agrees to supply such crews with adequate living quarters and living equipment. It is agreed that all other small crews will be family units (such units to be grouped in threes or fours) in a good location near suitable water supply. The Company agrees to supply adequate living quarters and living equipment. Groceries will be summertime, on request, twice per week; delivery free of charge. Cookery Schedule It is agreed that this schedule may be changed by mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced and that the persons eating may be varied 10% plus or minus for short periods. It is also understood that the cookery staff is in addition to the numbers listed in the Cookery