ARTICLE V - UNION ME:MBERStiIP The purpose 0.f this Agreement i.s to secure for the Company arid the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collecti,we bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions als specified in Article X of this agreement, and to ensure to the utmos,t extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees,, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of This Agreement, Imoreover, seeks to provide ,for fair and property. It is recognized as a duty of the peaceful adjustments of displutes. parties her'eto arid of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein. The use of masculine gender in this Agreement shall be considered also to include the feminine. The Company and the llnion (agree one with the other that they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September 1, 19Q, to August-31_,-19998 inclusive, and from year to c5% to year thereafter GilZG either party desires to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notiffy the ot.her party, in writing. #at least sixty (60) days prior to September 1st of the partisular year that sulch is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in thle manner provided above shall notify the other party, in writing, as to the changes desired. The parties agree that the Collective Agreement w-111 be renewed for a period of three (3) years, September 1, 199.3, to August 31, 1996, following which the Agreement will be re-opened for the sole purpose of negotiating general wage increases only for a furt'her two (2) year period from September 1, 1996, to August 31, 1998. All other provisions of this Collective Agreement taking effect in $$ember 1, 1993, will remain effective up to elnd Including August 31,

ARTICLE XII - SENIORIlY 3.01 (a) The1 Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees wh'o are engaged in woods, operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to ancl forming1 a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classifications which may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the term of this Agreement. 3.01 (b) The empl,oyees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement;; save and except the employees of contractors and/or the contractors wlno are engaged to perform occasional special services not ca~mmonly performed by employees covered 'by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are enlgaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such (3 contractor is bound by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. 21.01 (c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a thirfd party agreement with the Company ancl the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products, for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. i Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classificatians covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario. The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a part of this 4.p1 greenient. If during the life of this Agreement a change in job conteint occurs in any job classification listed in the attalched klage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. / Upon failure to reach agreemeint the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. Men changes are to be made in operating methods, including major alterations in established work patterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the 30-day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classificatiorls the Company shall set ternAny such rates will be based on comparison with porary rates. prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupaitions in the wage schedule of the negotiating companies. Following the implementation of such Ichanges, negotiations for rates coveriing the new job classificatioins resulting from such changes shall commerlce without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached WaaJe Schedule. En the (event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the change or alteration; the matter may be referred to Stage 3 o-f the Grievance Procedure. The 30-day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties, New rates vhen estab? i shed, shal 7 be retroactive to the date l>P establ i shment cf the new classifications. The Company agrlees that when a rate fclr a job classification is or becomes part of the1 attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from daywclrk to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

Section 6.03, as at December 3Kst of the prior year. The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees calvered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. 5.02(a) Any employee who is now a member in good standling or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union shall, as a condition / of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing / throughout the term of this ,Agreement. In the event of the Union intending to suspend a member, the Company shall be notified in writing at least seven (7) days before such suspension. 5.02(b) Non-union persons hired by the Company after notifying the Union Office of the requirements and no Union members are available who / are qualified, shall not be bumped by Union members when they become ' available. 5.02(c) When hiring employees the Company will give preference to Union members who apply and who are capable of doing the work required of them. The Company shall, after 'complying with Article XII, advise the Union from time to time of the Company's labour requirements. The Company shall furnish the Union Office and the Union Steward with a list of new emplo,yees arriving in camp each week. The Union agrees to reinstate an employee who has been suspended only for non-payment of Union dues during a layoff upon such an employee being recalled in accordance with Article XII. 5,02(d) New employees shall make'application to join the Union when f-irst approached to do so by a duly authorized Union Steward? Official or Representative. The Company shall upon hiring advise ail new employees by letter, with a copy to 'the Union Steward, to report to the Steward within ten (10) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for imediate termination of emplolyment. 5,02(e) The Company shall put employees on check-off at the time of hire or return to work and deduct the Union's monthly membership dues from monies due him. The Company agrees for an individual employee who is a member '- /, of the Union or becomes a member, to deduct upon his written request, union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due -' him. Tlhe deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. !j.O4 Remittances of all deductions shall be sent to the Local Union. said remittances to be accompanied by jtemized lists in alphabetical order (first letter only) in duplicate, of names, with at least one christian name and amounts by caimps. The Corn any will endeavlour to deliver these lists as soon as pos,sible, but no Pater than the end of the following month. The Company shall include on each employee's income tax slip (T-4) the amount of Union dues deducted in the calendar year. Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business as it pertains to the Company's operations and sh,all report to the Camp Foreman or clerk on arrival at camp. Credentials carried by the Union representatives shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Local Union. Said representative to be provided board and lodging, if available, on1 the Compan,y premises at the prevailing contract rate. The Local Union shall furnish the Company with a list of Local !j.O6 Officers and Representatives, and shall amend these lists as changes occur. The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to !j.O7 the Union Office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The ame;nded list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors.

ARTICLE XIV - DRUG AND HOSPITAL CARE PLANS..-:; r, -/ / Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to b'e 6.01(a) -issued at the time of termination of employment or, at the employee's option, at the time of lay-off, or when vacation is taken. Each '2% increment of Vacation P,ay entitles an employee to one 6.01(b) (1) week of time-off. An employee who has worked continuously for one (1) year, must take his full entjtlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. An employee has the right to take his full entitlement to time-off, whlether or not he has worked continuously for one (1) year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the foll basis; ,, -- - earnings for employees who have worked less than - ~~;~~~Do~a~~oss - (b) 6% of gross earnings for employeles who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 da%ys or more but less than 4,000 days. lo.% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4,000 days or more but less than1 5,400 days. 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 5,400 days. Supplementary Vacation with Pay Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age 60 - 1 week ( 21; of gross earnings) Agle 61 - 32 weeks( 61. 4X of gross earnings) Age 62 Age 63 - 4 weeks( 8X of gross earnings) Age 64 - 5 weeks(lOX of gross earnings) Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness, or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all da,ys on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or Ion off-the-job training, vacation, Holidays with pay, jury duty, subpoenaed witness and bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of days for his rate of vatcation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

 Employeles who qualify under Sectilon 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Year's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Canada Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Da,y, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above hallidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following Nonday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120),_ -, days worked, as specified in Section 6.03, will be granted two (2) ' floating holidays per year. Such holidays #will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An em loyee who by reason of lay-off is prevented from taking his floating ho Pidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. 7'.02(a.t An employee, who quailifies under Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) day period immediately rior to the holiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days [3 lefore the holiday and is ready for work on the morning of the second (2nd) day aPter the holiday, unless his return to work on time is Irevented by circumstances beyond his control, shall receive pay ,for th'e R oliday unless he quits during the thirty (30) day period immediatel,y prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the hclliday and is ready ,for work for the second day following ,the holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements Iwith the Company prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Union either at Camp level or at Management level. If an employee, whci qualifies under Section 12.02 and who 7.02(b) works any of the availaible work days within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to the holiday, is on authorined leave of absence othet than as provided in 7.03 wheln the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during his absence, provided he returns to work on time, unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged 7.02(c) to cease work due to a lay-off during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to thle holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is albliged 7.02(d) to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twentyuone (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 21 day period. If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalleo 7.,02(e) and works any time during the 14 calendar day period immediately following the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding ho1 -iday. 7,02(f) An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation1 period. A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for Christmas, in which event such an employee will receive IDay for the holidays provided he returns on time. Any request for such leave Iof absence must be made to the Camp Foreman no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning1 to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. If qualifjed, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of Feller 7.04(a) (Tree Length Skidding) for the holiday, and a da;worker shall be paid a day's pay at his or her regular rate for the holiday. 7.04(b) A day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shal’l be paid for aall time worked at the ralte of time and one-half his regular rate for th12 first eight (8) hours of work and at the rate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. 7.04(c) A pieceworker who is requested to work on a holiday shall receive his earnings iplus one-ha'lf day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller f.Tree Length Skidding) rate. holiday. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a

 It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that complaints 8.OlCi~) of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible. To this end it is agreed that pericldic meetings will be held between the Cclmpany and the Union to discuss the interpretation and administration of this Agreement. It is agreed that 8.01(b) the rights of Management. grievance shall be processed which usurps 8.01(c) It is generally understood that an employee has no grievan,ce until he has given his Foreman an opportunity to adjust lhis complairlt. This may be done during work-ing hours. The Union shall arrange for the election from its working 8.02(a) membership at each carrip, by the members therein, of a Union Qievance Ccmmittee of three (31, headed by l3 Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for the Corrrmittee. In the absence of the Steward the1 Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Inrmediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee In the camlp will notijy the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Comlmittee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall nolt be required to recognise either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. ‘[t is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised 8,02(b) in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee men. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be acy differences between the parties or between the Company and cmpl oyees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of any of the pi-ovisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, biy the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervisor for ladjustlnent outside of working hours. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman, in accordance with this pro., cedure, in writing, will be disposed of by the foreman in writing, Where a grievance lhas been submitted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or Union Representative with the Division Manager within ninety-six (!36) hours, in writing, on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Division Manager shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 - The matter shall be taken up by tlhe Officers of the Local Union and/or their representatives with the Woods Manager lof the Company or hi 5 representatives. Failing a settlement Iwithin seven (7) days, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred to the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or his representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union's President or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) ldays, then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days, refer the matter to arbitration. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that his, discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. When such an employee's grievance is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the1 camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance1 In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the procedure. Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason1 for such discharge or suspension. A ccipy of such notice shall be In the submitted to the Union Steward within twelnty-four (24) houlrs. event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions delcided by the Arbitration Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in res ect to inter8.06 pretation, application, administration, or alleged vio 7 ation of the Agreement, maly be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure. If ,the Company has a grievance als defined in Section 8.03 it shall commence at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure by the Woods Manager or his representative presenting ,the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or -his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either p'arty may within the following fifteen (151 days refer the m'atter to Arbitration. In arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one (1) man. these two shall select a third man who shall act as Chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee not later thein five (5) ,";r; after receipt of written notice of the other party's nomination. Arbitration Board shall convene and render a decision promptly and such decision shall be final and binding on both parties of this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third man as provided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third man. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievance.5 aris,ing olut of discipline or discharge. It is understocld that the function of the Arbitrlation Board shall be to interpret and appl,y this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the1 function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under Section #4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the board. Saturdays, Sundays, S,tatutory and Legal Holidays shall not be included in ainy time limits in this Article of the Agreement.

 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its members, nor loclkouts by the Company during the 1.lfe of this Agreement.

 lll.01 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall co-operate ; collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices. The Company/ and the Union agree to set up and maintain a jclint safety lcommittee in e,ach camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (12) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of the Chairman shall alternate between a Company Co-Chairman and a Union Co-Chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a re ort in triplicate - copies going to the Company Office, t Ii e Union Office, and the Camp Bulletin Board, A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his &k as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time Ps,o spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will mainta,in good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and -Further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid Man in each camp, such First Aid Man to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintalin its camp access roads in good condition when i m use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid Kits and 2-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportation 0.f men. 10.03(a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36 inches in width, spaced at least 38 inches apart. All mattresses shall be plastifoam, or spring fillled mattresses, If1 either airfoam, construction of new camps, thle Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than one (1) employee per room. The Company agrees to supply two (2) clean sheets and one (1) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newl,y arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good conditions warrant. quality and in a serviceable condition at all times. 10.03(b) It is agreed that the Company will mailntain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees' living ancl service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with #a TV s#et where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets, showers A T.V. Satellite Dish will be and laundry washing and drying machines. installled at all year-round live-in camps. A lockup storage type locker will be provided for ealch man in his bunkhousse. Separate sanitation1 facilities will be provided for catering staffs. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilitiles to assist in starting employees' cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. 10.03(c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with Iwater coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03(d) The Company agrees that fly control measures shall be carried out at regul,ar intervals during the1 summer operating seas,on and camp pest control as required. 10.03(e) Night watchmen shall be employed in all major operating camps dluring the heating season unless an Underwriter approved fire detection and fire warning system is installed. 10.03(f) All night. shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical and as arranged on a camp basis by majority vote. 10.04(a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as' " required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods shall be hiandlecl / in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. Food served toi the employees in tlhe camps sha,ll, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include, fresh fruits, vegetables ancl greens. 10.04(b) Butter slnall be supplied on the tables at all meals and on coffee tables and shall not be mixed with any substitute. Margarine will be made available to employees on request. 10.04(c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 10.04(d) Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutua'i The preparation of lunches shall be arrangements have been made. z,upervised. Waxed aper shall be supplied for the wrapping of lunches. The lunch table sha P 1 include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. 1.0.04(e) At the request of the Camp Grievance Committee, suitable luncll buildings will be provided where there are concentrations of men. Such y buildings to be heated during the period October 1st to April 30th and during the summer months shall have protective screens. Hot lunches will be supplied where practical upon request. of the Camp Grievance Comittee. Only thermos-type containers will be used to t.ransport hot The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a lunches. .;uitab'le lunch building for year-round use. .10.04(f) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon and in the evlening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the iompany and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shall be on Compan*y time. .LO.O4@) The charge for board and lodging shall be One Dollar and !jevent,y-Five Cents ($1.75) per calendar day. 10.05(a) It is agreed that present standards of service will be main,tained with respect to tr8ansportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. It is understood that the showing of moving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TV 'is available. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transpolrtation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. 10.05(b) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee-owned power saws, to a maximum 0.f Two Thousand Five Hundred Additional free insurance coverage against loss by Dollars ($2,500.00). fire or theft of tradesman's tools normall,y required by tra,desmen will be provilded to the full value of such tools while on co,mpany property or work sites and as documented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only applly where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee.owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compens#ated for by the Company at their full replacement value. An employee who causes a fire willfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resuiltant Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of loss. employee-owned power saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. 10,06(a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday. 10.06(b) Interim advances will be made only in instances of evident emergency. Should a paid holid,ay occur on Thursday pay day or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. In instanczes of authorized extended leave of absence, cash 10.06(c) advances will be issued to the extent of the employees' payroll credit. 10.06(d) A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to each employee for each pay period. This statemerit will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued Vacation Pay credit, and deductions, covering the-period. Explanlations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. 10.06(e) Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Corrlpany agrees that every reasonable effort w-ill be made to make a 'full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legial holidays excepted. 10,06(f) The Company will provide each pieceworker with a minimum of one (1) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a .scale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be given to each pieceworker at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the wocld being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information, where applicable. Number of cords or number of pieces (Tree Length), Riding and/or Walking Bonus, Footage of strip or Main Road Cut. and Poor Bush Bonus. TOOLS AND EQUlPMENT All hand tools #and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a minor mechanical repair jclb, he will be furnished such tools #as are required on1 loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. 10.08(a) At each operating camp, a separate building will be provided for the storage of power saws. Said building shall c.ontain sufficient lockers for storage. In addition, a suitable, separate heated building w-ith work bench, vise and compressed air will be provided for the repair of power Saw!;. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Each employee shall cooperate in maintaining the building in a clean and safe condition. 10.08(b) The Compalny agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it ha.s been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. 10.08(c) To subsidize the cost of required apparel such as safety pants and boots, thle Company will make a one-time annual payment in the amount of 4100.00 to each active employee with a minimum of six (6) months seniority, and payable in December of each year. Only factory built buses shall be used for the road trans10.09 Same to have adequate seating accommodation, portation of men. emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline contajners. Shelters shall be provided for employees at desingnated waiting places, such s,helters to have heating facilities. The Colmpany will, for ,the safety of its employees,, equip all buses transporting men with two-way radio, and will have either corrrmunilcation or transportation available at designated waiting places. Factory built buses .shall be deemed to include cars, half-tons, and crew cabs. In elcquislition of colrunuter buses, the Company will continue to work on improved features such as seating arrangement, suspension for better ride, storage racks, etc. 10.10(a) The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all L employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's Irequest -or in the Iexercise of seniority under the terms of Article XII - 2 Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of his intention to do so and shall be paid 204 per kilometre. 10.10(b) Scheduled work'ing time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dalvorkers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidd'ing) rate per day for pieceworkers, and normal travel time, outside an employee's scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the above rates for pieceworkers, It is understood travel time shall not apply when transfers occur over the employees' regularly scheduled week-end off. 10.11(a) The Company, consistent with its Policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not requiire an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his Supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.11(b) The Company agr'ees that there will be no shacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement, who are engaged in reducing and delivering operations on its limits and/or work sites, un Pess mutually agreed to by the Un-ion and the Company. 10,11(c) The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a rclom in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union blusiness. 10.11(d) The Company will supply mechanics, welders, machinists, and electricians #with suitable coveralls on loan, and provide for the lalundering of same two (2.1 per week, free of charge. 10.11(e) Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage shall receive 504 per hour in addition t.o the applicable hourly rate. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main camp or central garage required to perform work of their trade away from a main camp or central garage will be paid 504 per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such pours worked away from the main camp or central garage. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work In the yard of the main camp or central garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid 50t per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard. 10.11(f) Town Haul and Town Garage Employees. (i.l When an employee is required to work mOre than two (2) hours ,/ .!overtime, and is in the course of his hrork at; a camp at B regularly '7 '1, / scheduled meal time, such employee will be provided a meal in the ? \ / camp Fz!g. (ii) When an employee at the Town Garage is required to work more than two (2) hours overtime without prior notification, such employee will be provided with a lunch, or arrangements will be made for same. 10.11(g) The Company agrees to provide Town Haul employees with adequate shower facilitie. '5 and lock-up type storage lockers at the Woods Garage.

 11.01(a) The week for operations shall be six (15) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. iJ ..3 3 The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for ptieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (13) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in daywork jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work emplo,yees may be L- 1, requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work / week and will be palid in accordance with Section 11.05(a) for such time If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, worked. permission will not be unreasoniably withheld. 11.01(b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a,m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. 11.02(a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) conselcutive hours between the riours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 p.m. and 5.00 a.m., rriealtime excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, ,at the request of the employees or the Company, and /by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 7.OO p.m. in alccordance with the provisions of Section 11.03(.b). Where by mutual agreement on any operation, it is agreed that Friday night shift commences prior to 7.00 p.m., it shall remain constant and fixed and scheduled accordingly until such time that it has been mutually agreed to alter or terminate the Agreement. 11,03(a) A night shift differential of fifty-five cents (55$) per hour s,hall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03(b) On other two-shift operations, the first shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.OO a.m. 01" after. Tlie second shift shall cclnsist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of fifty-five cents (5%) per hour. 1.1.03(c) On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift dif,ferentials to be paid shall be as fclllows. 1st Shift 2nd Shift 3rd Shiift S+f;ti;ing S;;Eping (between hours of) (between hours of) 7 a.m.-8 a.,m. 3 p.m.-4 p.m. 11 p.m.-12 p.m. 3 p.m.-4 p.m. 11 p.m.-12 p.m. 7 a.m.-8 a.m. lj5$ +v ,'-I 4 654. pi ' ~,IJ 11.03(d) The hours of wlork for day workers and shift workers shall bet posted on Thiursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift scheldule is changed by the Company during the week, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shiift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift, he shall be paid at hlis regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least 8 hours between shifts worked. Where starting times, must be staggered due to operational requirements, such starting times for employees within any given job classification shall be confined to a one-hour period. On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis. .r i , -y lI..03(e) If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week, is required for Iwork on his "sixth day" or Sunday, such Iovertime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive four (4,) hours pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05(a) rovided he remains available for the four-hour period if so requested & y the Company. This shall not apply if the employee is advised of cancellation prior to the end of his last scheduled shift for that week. 11.03(f) Dur-lng the period of May to August, two shift operations may commence at 6.00 A.M. scarification l1..03(g.1 During the fire season, scheduled hours may be altered to provide for early start up when necessitated by fire riazard ratings, as determined by the M.N.R. (guidelines. It is understood the starting time may be advanced by up to two (2) hours exce t where travel time is more than one (1) hour, the m#aximum advance wi P1 Ibe one (1) hour. '\ /I i11.04(a) A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his clontrol shall be paid for one-half day if he works less than four 114) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. A pieceworker& will lose mclre than one (1) hour of work for reason bf fail-ure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all houlrs lost in excess of the one (l)hour at the rate of Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding, provided he reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate daywork if so requested by the Company. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment of area to cut, and/or time requireId in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be tnade for all hours lost. I f jr j'. 11.04(b) A day or shift worker who reports for work at his schfedulecl starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from his scheduled startinq time, accepts alternate work il. so assigned and commences work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequ#ent days, the above payment .shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04(a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift, he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03(d) shall1 not apply lproviding there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstandimg the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made -for the second and subsequent consecutive Idays in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduleld starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, he may Iexercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have suf. ficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp unit and displaces an&her employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in ljeu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise his seniority on his, return to work. Notification and reporting procedures shall be established locally. 1.1,05(a) Time worked by an employee in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift, all lhours outside his regular shift, and the first eight (13) hours or portion thereof on his designated "sixth day" day (Saturday r or Monday) or Sunday shall be paid for at the rate of ,time-and-one-half. /'Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of 'work on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday.1 and on a Sunday. ,rT t/ Overtime work required in a camp un-it will be distributed on as equal ai basis as possible among the employees in the camp unlit who normally perform the work in the classification requiring thle overtime. FOIL calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. l.L.O5(b') Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) hOlJrS per week, Monday to Sunday inclltisive, and elre not subject to the other provisions of Article XI. (a) Cook (b) Baker (c) Second Cook (d) (e) (f) Cookee Choreboj Watchmarl For employees in the job classifications listed above, the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the worlc day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) hour period divided into not more than two (i!) parts provided there is a break of at least eight (811 hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist Iof five (5) consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, a'll hours worked in excess of his scheduled work - 20 week, and all hours worked on his "sixth" clay (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to wclrk the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he is available at the start of his sc.heduled shift, and for one full day if rle remains available for The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth" day or Sunda.y shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. the start of the second half of his scheduled shift. An employee may not change shifts during thle week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Comp'any, he will be paid at one-and-one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original shift he will be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (81 hours between shifts worked. If an employele who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his "sixth" day or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work and be paid at time-and-one-half provided he remains av,ailablie if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for emplo,yees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of 4% per hour for each second shift worked. Effective ISeptember 1, 1991, shift differential shall be fifty-five cents (554.) per hour. I> The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be considlered as time worked. Walking Distance and Riding Time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. An employee, who is called out for wlork after completing his day or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of his day or shift shall receive timhe and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one 111) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to thle scheduled starting time of his day or shift. Where the eyployee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.,05(a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hciurs work exclusive of the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on lhis "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as .set out in 111.05(a), from the starting time of the call-out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time-and-one-half.

 .12,01(a) The Company recognizes the principle of seniority, Seniority will govern subject to reasonalble consideration of skill, efficiency and abilit,y, in promotions, transfers, lay-offs and recalls after lay-off, .12.01(b) An employee who is employed on a full time basis by the Union shall retain his seniclrity for a period not exceeding twelve (12) months. It is agreed, however, that the twelve (12) month period shall be extended for a further twelve (12) month period if requested in writinlg by the employee affected. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as )probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six-month At the end of this period, his seniority shall be established, period. and he shall be placed on the seniority list in the order of hire, .L2.03(a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a job, within the same Zone, .for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance noti,ce in accordance with Section 12.04, he advises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advalnce notice and in writing on forms 'to be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer air to be laid o'ff. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled in the Zone by employees with less seniority than those employees given notice, It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other Zones for more than one (1) week, and sub,ject to the following procedure. otherwise the zone will be the Iunit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. An employee wishing to exercise his seniority rights in another zone must make application to the Company's Employment Office within the three (3) consecutive work days immediately following the date of layoff, either in person or by letter postmarked during that period, otherwise he forfeits his right to bump on that occasion. 12,03(b)l In transfers from one job classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such ceases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. For determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified for Feller-Limber (Tree Length Skidding) shall apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. 1;!.03(c'l The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks dluration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment .>-c ,,i to such jobs, statrng the normal job requirements. Employees shall not be considered for such ,jobs, unless they apply in writing1 within the five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the ,J" ' basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreement. E.mployees accepting the&,? ' posted jobs shall be allowed f-tve (5j work days in which to qualify, (or r' further time as may be mutually ,agreed, if additional training is ss'-required). Failure of an employee to qualify Shait-erttt%-him to return to his, former job without loss of seniority or benefits. When an emplo~yee has been trained to meet the job requirements he L'shall remain in that job for a minimum of three months from the date he ,& is qualified unless displaced from that job because of la.y-off or the bumping procedure. The Comlpany shall post notices in camps showing the names successfu 1 applicants for all lposted vacancies and newly created ,jobs. Of 12.03(d) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days, s,hall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Election 12,0.3(c) and the job postiing will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on a Zone basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in efflect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of lay-off from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. In case of Lay-off which is to exceed two (i!) days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least l;wo (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company agrees that all Ireasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advanlce notice of lay-off as possible. It is understood. Plowever. this shall not apply in cases of whole or partial cessation of operations due to forest fires. When the approximate time of relcall is known at the time 0.f layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that, time, but in any case, notice in writing, will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he i.; required to report for work. Employees will be required toI acknowledge receipt of sulch not.ice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. The Company agrees to submit to the Union Office by January 31st of each year an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement. The list will als#o show each employee's occupation, address, and Company service in days as specified in

 A list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp showing the seniority order of the employees. An employee's seniority shall be broken and his name will be removed from the Seniority list if he. Quits voluntarily. Is discharged and not reinstated. Faj1.s to report for work following recall, as provided in Section 12,05 of this Article. Fa-ils to return from a leave of absence on t.he date specified, unless his return to work is prevented by circumsizances beyond his control. Retires. -->--;?d' Is laid off folr twenty-four (24) months or nlore. An employee promoted or transfeirred t.b a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retairi his seniority for a pelriod not exceeding twelve (12) months from the date of promotion or transfer, and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisiclns of this Article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. It is agreed, however, that the twelvle (12) month period shtlll be extended for a further twelve (12) month period jf requested in writing by the employfle affected. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipinent or due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs, in . L accordance with Article XII, to meet the Company's labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform the alternate lemployment effectively, they shall be trained by the Company. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal lay-o,ffs. Pav Severance i j d‘1 c- An emplloyee with three (3) or more years of service fair whom no job - =I technological changes or I *i s available because of mechanization, automation can, upon termination, elect to recejive a severance allowance -of one weeks pay for each year of completed service since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computed on the basis of ,forty (40) hotirs a,t the employee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of emplclyment. It is understood that an employee who chooses to receinve the .severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be lrecalled and the emplo,yee's name will be remloved from the seniority list. The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing wil;h Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices i;o have approval of the camp foreman before such posting.

 For each employee on the payroll who has established seniority-l$ in accordance with Article XII, the Company will provide appropriate single' or family coverage in accordance with Blue Cross Drug Plan or its equivalent, and Semi-private Iiospit8al Care Plan. The Company will maintain coverage to emiployees who are off work due to a Workers Compensation claim or a Short Term Disability claim for up to a period of twelve montihs. The Company will continue coverage for a laid off employee1 to the end of the lmonth in which he was laid off. Coverage will resume on the date the employee returns to ,work from lay-off. 14.01(b) E,ffective January 1, 19'94, the Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of a medical certificate required to support a claim for benefits pursuant to the Weekly or Long Term Disabilit.y Plan. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of $15.00 per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician. The Comoanv will maintain a Grout Life Insurance Plan to l!j -01 provide $50,000.06 o? Life Insurance for eabh (employee while actively employed. The Company will pay 50% of the premium cost and the cost to the employee will not exceed 304 per $l,OOO.OO.

 ,j iy AND LONG TERM DISABILITY -5-%r The Compariy will mainitain and pay the premium co&-'oba?/e$k$ Indemnity Insurance Plan,, The Plan will providle seventy percent (70%) 0.f weekly earnings (fort.y (40) hours time!j an employee's regular rate) and pieceworkers, forty (40) times the Feller/Limber hourly Irate up to a maximum of four hundred and .sixty five dollars ($465.00) weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compensable alccident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to a sickness and will continue for the period of disjbility up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. fl -'T.;/G -,7,i.'- ,--' i The maximum will be increased to four hundred and eighty dollars (!6480.00) weekly for any employee who ~mm_enced WeekJQndemnity on or -- Lf 0 $ /< d _T /ii -!.! . . L , after Febuary 1, 1994. riq 17 '2 .;7 7-y /r/ Effective September 1, 1z-94, the maximum wirl be increased to four hundred and ninety-five dollars ($495.00) weekly, and effective September 1, 1995, the maximum will be increased to five hundred and ten dollars ($510.00) weekly, effective Septem'ber 1, 1996, the maximum will be increased to five hundred aind twenty-five do'llars,($525.00) weekly, ePfective September 1, 1997, the maximum will 9f ;;Feased _tc~~~v~, J- y+yJ; -<L hundred and forty dollars ($540.00) weekly. _ . -;,--, - y,/ - _ . . _. Th'e Company will malintain and pay the full cost of a Long Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 55% of weekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first.

 When death occurs to an employee's spouse or chiildren, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (81 hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers eight (8) times the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) days. When death o;;I;;;~;o an employee's father, mother, mother.inlaw, father-in-law, I brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-jaw %ierg'randparents the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shali be pajd for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers . eight (8) times the Feller/Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (13) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the employee's scheduled work days lost during this period. Any claim for bereavement pay must be submi,tted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family. It is understood for purposes of this Article, step relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. T\,,-p I 2 subpoenaed, the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance e ual to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based OII his regu 4 ar straight time hourly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) hours based on the Feller-Limber Tr,ee Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury s,ervice. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when melking his claim for such allowance.

 The Corn any will maintain a dental plan, with participation compulsory fclr ale employees, on the following basis. Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have ac.cumulated sixty-flve (6!j) days of service with the Company. (a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7' Basic w/y Plan and Rider No. 1. ,z' (b) ;;l;,v;ces and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No.2 Maximum $1.000.00 per calendar year per person. Effective September 1, 1992, the Plan will be amended to provide for the application of the 1991 Schedule of Fees. Effective on the first of February 1, 3.994, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1992 schedule of feles. Effective September 1, 19'34, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1993 schedule of fees. Effective September 1, 19!35, amend the Plan to provi#de for the application of the 1994 schiedule of fees. Effective September 1, 1996, amend tlhe Plan to provide for the application of the 1995 schedul e of fees. Effective September 1, 1997, to provide for the application 0.f the 1996 schedule of fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for tlhe period an employee is off work due to lay-o.ff or Leave of Absence, but in no case beyond the end of the morlth following the month in which such absence commenced. The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plan design outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers, ,insurance companies or self administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. PJ?JmJMS y/The premium cost of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan Iwill riot provide 1 ike benefits where such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. If during the life of this Agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 The Retirement Income Plan 1[1985) forms part of this Agrleement. A description of the Plan is attached hereto for information purposes. Arly que.stions of administration or interpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan text. Af?TICLE XXI - VISION CARE PLAN i ' ,' i Thlz Company will provide a Vision Care Plan which will provi'de for exipenses incurred by an emplo,yee and/or the employee's covered dependents whlpn recommended by a physician or optometrist as follows. - Frames, lenses, and the fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of 475.00 per family member, in any two consecutive calendar years. Effective the first of February, 1994, amend the Plan 'to provide a total payment of $100.00 per insured family member in any tllro (2) consecutive calendar years. Effective September 1, 1996, the benefit amount will be increasecl to $125.00. September 1, 1993 to Augiust 31, 1996 ('a) CAMP SERVICE PiERSONNEL Elullcook Cook (l-20men) Cook (20 men and over) Cook, Second Cookee Night 8aker Watchman, Camp Watchman, Night (b) CLASSIFICATION Elodyman - Mechanic "A" Class Elodyman - Mechanic "B" Class E~IJS Driver Camp, Dam, Bridge Construction Worker Iexperienced) C,arpenter (qualified) Chipper Utility Man C#rew Leader, Standard Holdrly Rate Plus Feller, Limb and Top, Tree Length Fire Patrol Men Handyman Helper, Bulldozer. Loader, Forwarder Jackhammer Driller Labourer, General Machinist "A" Class Machinist "B" Class Mechanic Lead, Mechanic, "A"-1 Mechanic "A" Class Mechanic, I Mechanic, II Mechanic Helper "A" Class Mechanic Helper Operatclr Brush Saw Operator, Bulldozer "A" Operatclr, Bulldozer "B" Operator, Cable Skidder from F.B. Operator, Chipper Operator, Compactor Operator, Compressor Operator, Crzlne (with certificate) Operator, Crelne (without certificate) Operator, Craine (under training) Operator, Front End & Overhead Loader Operator, Grslpple Skidder Operator, T/L. Harvester Operator, Maczhine Scarification .x.. y;. Sept. l/94 21.Ei2 20.8ll SeDterriber 1, 1993 to Auoust 31. 1996 Operator, Hydraulic Loader Imounted on slasher Operator, Short Wood Harvester Operator, Feller Forwarder Operator, Delimber Operator, Limber - Slasher Operator. Machine (Trainee) (for newly hired elmployees)'. Operator, Mechanical Slasher Operator, Dutfeed, Processor Manual Operator, D&feed, Proc.essor Mechanical Operator, FJ;;;;Fone Super 30 Operator, Operator, Power Saw, Non Prod. Operator, Pulpwood Harvester (Under training) Operator, Relief Operator, Scraper Operator, Screen Plant Operator Skidder (Tree Length) Operator, Tractor, Crawler Type General Use Operator, Tractor, Wheeled Operator, Mobile Knuckleboom Loader Operator, Mechanical Feller Powderman Saw Tailer, Mechanical Slasher Slasherman. Loader Operator (Automated Slasher) Top Loader Truck Driver, Foulr Wheel Drive Truck Driver, Sarld Truck Truck Driver, Self-Loader Truck Driver, Sirlgle Axle Truck Driver, Snclw Plowing Truck Driver, Stflam Cleaner Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Haulinig Multiple Trailers Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Hauling Trailers, Floats Welder, Lea,d kd;;; ;A" Class Welder II Welder, Helper Class "A" Welder, Helper ;‘;g ’ Sept. l/9,4 Sept. l/95 20.7il ;i * i51 x 20.4il 20.2il Mel 22.1.i yg An employee who is assigned to train another employee or employees shall be paid his regular rate plus 30$ per houlr during the training assignment. It is agreed that incentives may be app'iied in conjunction with the daily rates which pertain to mechanical operations. (WheeledSkidders - Flubber Tired11 following Rates per tree length piece, butt diamet.er measure as per the schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (734) cents per hour wil'l be paid to pieceworkers. Butt diameter measure to be made in accordarlce with Ontario Butt diameter measurement shall be Government Scaling IRegulations. clearly marked on the butt of each tree length by the scaler. No Cutting Bonus in addition to Schedule Rates. No Pclor Bush Bonus to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. The number of employees in each cut and skid crew shall not exceed three (3) at any time. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in alny strip or block. Evetry attempt will be made to assign adjoining alternate strips. If these two strips yield less than thirty (30) cords, each crew melmber will be paid one hour at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. The Company will not normally exceed 600 feet when cutting Skildding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in each strip. strips. Exceptions will be dealt with on a local basis. Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordalnce with Subsection (c) (Walking Distance and Riding Time). When, at Company request, the crew is required to sort wood by species,, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or 21 total of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Company will endeavour to clear skidway sites. Where this is done b,y the crew at Company request, 7.62% of base earnings will be paid. Butt Diam. (cm.1 Spruce & Balsam JackDi ne Rough Porbl ar Sept. Sept. Sept. l/C13 d- 0.5!jl 0.5!jl d xi .~*?i; Co41 .Ezi Cull-ING AND SKIDDING (FULL TREE) (Wheeled Skidders - Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length pieIce. butt diameter measure as per the following schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder witk winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (734) cents per hour will lbe paid to pieceworkers. Crew will consist of a maximum of two (2) men, Maximum skidding distance) 900 feet w,hen skidway placement not adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. Maximum skidding distanc,e 1,200 feet when skidway placement adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. (ii) Butt diameter measure to be made in accolrdance with Ontario Governm,ent Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to be clearly marked Ion each butt by the Scaler. No cutting blonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled retes. No poor bush bonus to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. SORTING BONlJS When, at Company request, the crew 1s required to sort wood, 2.86% of base earnings will ble paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or a total of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Where skidway sites are prepared by the Icrew, 7.62% of base earnings will be paid. Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with subsection (c) of the Wage Scheclule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). CUTTING AND SKIClDING FULL TREE ME~EEEp-&- Butt DJam. (cm.1 .i 8i! Spruce & Balsam Jackpine Sept. Sept. 1/9r! 5.3i!9 - .i Site Preoared. Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) Site a Unoreoared. r e Float S t o c k Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) ]jeot. 1, 1994 10.5C/tree 8.5C/tree 11.54/tree 9.5tltree A day worker using his power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of. eleven dollars ($11.00) per '8 hour day or shift when felling and limbing and twelve dollars ($12.00) per 8 hour day or shift when bucking at a landing oln a skidding operation. The Bucking rate shall also e~pply t;o Brush Saw Rental. If he is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyclnd his control, he will be aid one-half day‘s rental when he works less than four hours and fulP day's rental when he works more than fclur hours. (cl i) Pieceworkers who walk to work from camp a distance in excess of clne and one-half (1%) miles shall be paid on the basis of thle Feller (Tree Length Skidding) race for the time required to walk the excess, distance. For the purpose of this Agreement it is agreed that t.he pieceworker will walk at the rate of three (3) miles per hour. ii) Where pieceworkers are transported to work from camp, they shall be paid for Riding Time in exces.1; of one-half ($1 hour each way at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). iii) Where a dayworker's travelling time from camp to working place is compos,ed of riding and/or walking time he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half I.?$) hour each way at his regular rate of pay. iv) Where a pieceworker's or a da.worker's travelling time from1 camp to working place is composed of riding and walking time, he shall be paid the rate of pay as per this Agreement for all combined rid;,;. and walking time in excess of one-half &) hour each wtiy. walking time based on the rate of one-quarter I&) of a mile equalls five (5) minutes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling time so computed shall be credited not less than once each month. (d) The following schedule of cookery personnel is agreed to. Number 'of Persons Eating Cook 2nd Cook Cookee Night Baker Total 14 or lless 4i li15' -.1;.5 Over 14!5 It is agreed that this schedule may be changed by mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced.