ARTICLE Ill - RECOGNITION- JURISDICTION The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions as specified in this agreement, and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of property. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide for fair and peaceful adjustment of all disputes that may arise between the Parties. It is recognized as a duty of the Parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions as set forth herein. The use of masculine gender in this Agreement shall be considered also to include the feminine.

Article XII - Seniority The Collective Agreement will be renewed for a period of six (6) years, October I,1998 to September 30, 2004. All other provisions of this Collective Agreement taking effect on October 1, 1998 will remain effective up to and including September 30, 2004, and from year to year thereafter unless either party desires to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to October 1” of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party, in writing, as to the changes desired.

 The Company recognizes the Union as the sole 3.01(a) collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classifications which may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the term of this Agreement. 3.01(b) The employees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of contractors and/or the contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. 3.01(c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. 3.01(d) There shall be no change in the method by which contractors maintain their equipment. Mechanical work shall be performed by members of Local 324. This shall not apply to specialized or warranty work. Specialized work is work that the employees do not have the ability or facility to perform. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario.

 The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a part of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement a significant change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached Wage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating methods, including major alterations in established work patterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the 30-day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the Wage Schedule. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached Wage Schedule. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the change or alteration, the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. The 30-day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates, when established, shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classifications. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

 The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. Any employee who is now a member in good standing 502(a) or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union shall, as a condition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union suspending a member, the Company shall be notified by the Union, in writing, of the date of the suspension and the Company agrees to discharge the employee within seven (7) days of the date of notice of suspension 502(b) When hiring new employees the Company will, after complying with Article XII - Seniority, give preference to Communications, Energy and Papemorkers Union members who apply and are capable of doing the work required of them. If Union members are not available the Company will hire non-Union persons. The Company agrees to advise the Union from time to time of its labour requirements. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. New employees shall make application to join the Union 502(c) when first approached to do so by a duly authorized Union Steward, Official or Representative. The Company shall upon hiring advise all new employees by letter, with a copy to the Union Steward, to report to the Steward within five (5) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. The Company shall put employees on check-off at the 5.02(d) time of hire or return to work and deduct the Union’s monthly membership dues from monies due him. Representatives of the Union carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business as it pertains to Company operations. Credentials carried by the Union representative shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Union. Representatives shall present their credentials at the Forestlands Office in Dryden, Ontario, and will be issued Company passes. On arrival at camp the Union representative will report to the Camp Supervisor. Said representatives to be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. 5.04(a) The Union shall furnish the Company with a list of local officers and representatives and shall amend these lists as changes occur. 5.04(b) The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors. The Company agrees for an individual employee who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, to deduct upon his written request, union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be sent to the local Union. said remittance to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order in duplicate of names with Christian names where available and amounts by camp. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the following month. The Company agrees to include on each employee’s income tax slip (T-4) the amount of Union Dues deducted in the calendar year.

 Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by 6.01(a) cheque to be issued at Ihe time of termination of employment or, at the employee’s option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. 6.01 (b) Each 2% increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (1) week of time-off. An employee who has been continuously employed for one (1) year, has the right, and is expected to take his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. An employee has the right to take his full entitlement to time-off, whether or not he has worked continuously for one (1) year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. basis. Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the following a) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. b) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. cl 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less than 4,000 days. d) 10% of gross earnings for employees who have 4,000 days or more but less than 5,400 days. e) 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 5,400 days or more but less than 6,500 days 14% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 6,500 day. Supplementary Vacation with Pay worked Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age 60 - 1 week ( 2% Age 61 - 2 weeks ( 4% Age 62 - 3 weeks ( 6% Age 63 - 4 weeks ( 8% Age 64 - 5 weeks (10% of gross earnings) of gross earnings) of gross earnings) of gross earnings) of gross earnings) Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a resull of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all days on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or on off-the-job training, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty, subpoenaed witness and bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of days for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

 Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Year’s Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of lay-off is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. If an employee has any floating holidays remaining on December 1st he may elect to take pay in lieu of time off. 7.02(a) An employee, who qualifies under Article XII, Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday, and is ready for work on the morning of the second (2nd) day after the holiday, unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control, shall receive pay for the holiday unless he quits during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the holiday and is ready for work for the second day following the holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements with the Company prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Union either at Camp level or at Management level. If an employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02 and 7.02(b) who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to the holiday, is on authorized leave of absence other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during his absence, provided he returns to work on time, unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 7.02(c) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a lay-off during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. 7.02(d) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twenty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 21 day period. 7.02(e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the 14 calendar day period immediately following the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 and is 7.02(f) on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for Christmas, in which event such an employee will receive pay for the holidays provided he returns on time. Any request for such leave of absence must be made to the Camp Foreman no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. If qualified, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of 7.04(a) Feller (Tree Length Skidding) for the holiday, and a dayworker shall be paid a day’s pay at his or her regular rate for the holiday. 7.04(b) A day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate for the first eight (8) hours of work and at the rate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one day’s pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. A pieceworker who is requested to work on a holiday 7.04(c) shall receive his earnings plus one-half day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

 It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that 8.01(a) complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible. To this end it is agreed that periodic meetings will be held between the Company and the Union to discuss the interpretation and administration of this Agreement. 8.01(b) It is agreed that no grievance shall be processed which usurps the rights of Management. 8.01(c) It is generally understood that an employee has no grievance until he has given his Foreman an opportunity to adjust his complaint. This may be done during working hours. 8.02(a) The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union Grievance Committee of three (3) headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for the Committee. In the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02(b) It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee men. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any differences between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee’s immediate supervisor for adjustment outside of working hours. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman, in accordance with this procedure, in writing, will be disposed of by the foreman in writing. Where a grievance has been submitted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or the area Vice-President or his designate with the Division Superintendent or his designated representative within ninety-six (96) hours, in writing, on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Division Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 - The matter shall be taken up by the Executive Officers of the Local Union and/or their designates with the Production Manager, Forestlands, of the Company, or his representative. Failing a settlement within seven (7) days, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred to the Resident Manager, Forestlands, of the Company, or his representative and a Union Committee, accompanied by the Union’s President and his National Representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days, refer the matter to arbitration. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. When such an employee’s grievance is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure. If the Company has a grievance as defined in Section 8.03 it shall commence at Staae 3 of this Grievance Procedure bv the Forestlands Manager or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the president of the Union or his representative by the Vice President Forestlands, of the Company or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. In arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one (1) man; these two shall select a third man who shall act as Chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party’s nomination. This Arbitration Board shall convene and render a decision promptly and such decision shall be final and binding on both parties of this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third man as provided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third man. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the board. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutory and Legal Holidays shall not be included in any time limits in this Article of the Agreement.

 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of the Chairman shall alternate between a Company Co-Chairman and a Union CoChairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate - copies going to the Company Office, the Union Office, and the Camp Bulletin Board. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid Man in each camp, such First Aid Man to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid Kits and P-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportation of men. All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36 10.03(a) inches in width, spaced at least 38 inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airfoam, plastifoam, or spring filled mattresses. Where these conditions require changes in present camps such changes shall be effected within the term of this Agreement. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than two (2) employees per room. In the case of cookery personnel, the Company agrees to provide, in the construction of new camps suitable living quarters housing not more than one (1) employee per room. Where such cookery staff accommodations are currently available, they shall be so arranged and provided. The Company agrees to supply two (2) clean sheets and one (1) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newly arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all times. It is agreed that the Company will maintain good 10.03(b) conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees’ living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a TV set where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets, showers and laundry washing and drying machines. During the first year of this agreement, a T.V. Satellite Dish will be installed at all year-round live-in camps. A lockup storage type locker will be provided for each man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees’ cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and 10.03(c) paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03(d) The Company agrees that fly control measures shall be carried out at regular intervals during the summer operating season and camp pest control as required. 10.03(e) Night watchmen shall be employed in all major operating camps during the heating season unless an Underwriter approved fire detection and fire warning system is installed. All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping 10.03(f) quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical and as arranged on a camp basis by majority vote. 10.04(a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include, fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. 10.04(b) Butter shall be supplied on the tables at all meals and on coffee tables and shall not be mixed with any substitute. Margarine will be made available to employees on request. IO&i(c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 10.04(d) Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual arrangements have been made. The preparation of lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the wrapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. 10.04(e) Suitable heated lunch shacks shall be provided on all mechanical operations. Such shacks to have protective screening during the summer months. The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch building for year-round use. There shall be coffee breaks in the morning afternoon and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shall be on Company time. The charge for board and lodging shall be One Dollar 1O.Wg) and seventy-five Cents ($1.75) per calendar day. 10.05(a) It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. It is understood that the showing of moving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TV is available. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. 10.05(b) The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons, and smocks, on loan, and other suitable uniform apparel, at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. Washing and drying machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. 10.05(c) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employee’s personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee-owned power saws to a maximum of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00). Additional free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen’s tools will be provided to the full value of such tools while on Company property or worksites and as documented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee-owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire willfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of employee-owned power saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. 10.06(a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday. Interim advances will be made only in instances of 10.06(b) evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on Thursday pay day or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, 10.06(c) cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employees’ payroll credit. A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to 10.06(d) each employee for each pay period. This statement will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued Vacation Pay credit, and deductions, covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of 10.06(e) employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. The Company will provide each pieceworker with a 10.06(f) minimum of one (1) scale per week. and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be given to each pieceworker at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information, where applicable. Number of cords or number of pieces (Tree Length), Riding and/or Walking Bonus, Footage of strip or Main Road Cut; and Poor Bush Bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a minor mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. No employee shall operate a tractor or like equipment owned or leased by himself or by another employee in the cut and skid operations of the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. a) Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broken condition. b) One (1) safety type gasoline container. c) One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agrees to stock two types of power saw chains, and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoiced cost to the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free power saw gas and oils. At each operating camp, a separate building will be for the storage of power saws. Said building shall contain sufficient lockers for storage. In addition, a suitable, separate heated building with work bench, vise and compressed air will be provided for the repair of power saws. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Each employee shall cooperate in maintaining the building in a clean and safe condition. 10.09(a) provided The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all 10.09(b) safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. To subsidize the cost of required apparel such as safety pants, boots, gloves and mitts, the Company will make a one-time annual payment in the amount of $100.00 to each active employee with a minimum of six (6) months seniority, and payable in December of each year. The wearing of safely equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. 10.09(c) Lunch boxes and thermos bottles shall be issued on loan, to all employees and shall have been sterilized before issue. Only factory built buses shall be used for the road transportation of men. Same to have adequate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, equip all buses transporting men with two-way radios, and will have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. 10.11(a) The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company’s request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms of

 Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of his intention lo do so and shall be paid 20 cents per kilometer. 10.11(b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate per day for pieceworkers, and normal travel time, outside an employee’s scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the above rates for pieceworkers. 10.11(c) Each employee required to travel from his/her place of residence to another community will be paid $25.00 per week. It is understood that in order to qualify for this payment, the employee must have exercised his bumping rights under Article It is further understood that such employee will receive this payment for a period not exceeding 6 months. It is further understood that employees are not required to each drive their own vehicles in order to qualify for travel allowance. The Company, consistent with its Policy to promote and 10.12(a) ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his Supervisor on a scheduled basis. The Company agrees that there will be no shacking or 10.12(b) batching by employees covered by this Agreement, who are engaged in producing and delivering operations on its limits and/or work sites, unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the Company. The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each 10.12(c) operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. All tradesmen and helpers will be supplied with suitable 10.12(d) coveralls. Where an employee performs alternate work assisting trades people, the Company will supply the same suitable coveralls, where required. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage, or 10.12(e) who are required to provide maintenance or repair services outside the town limits, will receive thirty-five cents (35 cents) an hour premium for all such hours worked. Where employees are normally scheduled for eight 10.12(f) hours per day and when such an employee is required to work more than 4 hours overtime, he will be provided an adequate lunch or arrangements will be made for same.

 11.01(a) The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in daywork jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with Section 11.05(a) for such time worked. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. 11.01(b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. 11.02(a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 pm., mealtime excepted. 11.02(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours commencing between the hours of 3.30 p.m. and 500 p.m., meal time excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 3.30 P.M. in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03(b). A night shift differential of fifty-five cents (55 cents) per 11.03(a) hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shirt work. On other two-shift operations, the first shift shall consist 11.03(b) of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of fifty-five cents (55 cents) per hour. On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) II .03(c) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows. I” Shift 2”d Shift 3’ Shift Starting Time (between hours of) Stopping Time (between hours 09 Shift Differential 7am-8am 3pm-4pm llpm-12pm 3pm-4pm llpm-12pm 7am-8am Nil 55 cents 65 cents The hours of work and the “sixth day” for day workers 11.03(d) and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee’s shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift, he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break or at least 8 hours between shifts worked. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements, such starting times for employees within any given job classification shall be confined to a one-hour period. On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis. 1 I .03(e) If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week, is required for work on his day off, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive four (4) hours pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05(a) provided he remains available for the four-hour period if so requested by the Company. 11.03(f) During the period of May to August, two shift scarification operations may commence at 6.00 a.m. During the fire season, scheduled hours may be altered 11.03(g) to provide for early start up when necessitated by fire hazard ratings, as determined by the M.N.R. guidelines. It is understood the starting time may be advanced by up to two (2) hours except where travel time is more than one (1) hour, the maximum advance will be one (1) hour. 1 I .04(a) A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control shall be paid for one-half day if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. A pieceworker who will lose more than one (1) hour of work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of the one (1) hour at the rate of Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding, provided he reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate daywork if so requested by the Company. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment of area to cut, and/or time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be made for all hours lost. 11.04(b) A day or shift worker who reports for work at his scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences regular work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04(a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift, he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03(d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, he may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp unit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise his seniority on his return to work. Notification and reporting procedures shall be established locally. 11.05(a) Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift, and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his designated “sixth day” day (Saturday or Monday) or outside his regular shift shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on an employee’s designated “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay, shin differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee’s applicable hourly rate. Employees in the classifications specified below may 11.05(b) be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of Article Xl. (a) Cook (b) Cookee (c)Watchman For employees in the job classifications listed above, the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) hour period divided into not more than two (2) parts provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on his “sixth” day (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-onehalf. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he is available at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start of the second half of his scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the “sixth” day or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee’s shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one-andone-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original shift he will be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his “sixth” day or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work and be paid at time-and-one-half provided he remains available if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of 45 cents per hour for each second shift worked. The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be considered as time worked. Walking Distance and Riding Time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. An employee, who is called out for work afler completing his day or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of his day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (1) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of his day or shift. Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05(a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours work exclusive of the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on his “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05(a), from the starting time of the callout, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time-and-one-half. During spring break-up the hauling of wood fiber may commence early on Mondays. Hours to be defined by mutual agreement.

 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, lay-offs and recalls after lay-off. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six-month period. Seniority of new employees shall be established at the end of this period and shall be effective from the date of employment. 12.03(a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a job for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with section 12.04, he advises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on forms to be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer or to be laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled by employees with less seniority than those employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other districts for more than one (1) week, otherwise the district will be the unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from 12.03(b) within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five(5) working days. It is agreed however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirements. Employees shall not be considered for such jobs, unless they apply in writing within the five(g) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreement. Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days in which to qualify, (or a further time as may be mutually agreed, if further training time is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. In the event there are no successful bidders, the junior employee in the transition contractor will be awarded the posting. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. 12.03(c) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, subpoenaed witness, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days, shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03(b) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on an area basis. When regular operators are not available, spare operators will fill all temporary vacancies and third shifts when created for the stump to roadside workforce. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of lay-off from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company will provide two weeks’ notice of layoff in the case of shutdowns due to market conditions or plant shutdowns. When the approximate time of recall is known at the time of layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that time. But in all cases notice in writing, will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. 12.06(a) An employee’s seniority shall not be broken by sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, licensed dentist or licensed chiropractor. 12.06(b) An employee’s seniority shall be broken if he quits, if he is discharged and not re-instated, if he fails to report for work following recall as provided in Section 12.05 of this Agreement, if he fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified unless he has been prevented from returning on time by circumstances beyond his control and the Company has been so notified, and if he has been laid off for twelve (12) months or more, with the exception that continuity of service will extend up to, but not more than twenty-four (24) months if requested in writing by the employee before the elapse of twelve (12) full months or lay-off. The Company agrees to submit to the Union an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement as of April 1st showing Company seniority dates. The Company will endeavour to have this list sent to the Union by the first of May of each year thereafter. A seniority list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp showing the seniority dates of each employee with the Company. In transfers from one job classification to another senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. For determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified for Feller-Limber (Tree Length Skidding) shall apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. An employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one (1) year. An employee who is promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one (1) year. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment, or due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with Section 12.01 to meet the Company’s labour requirements, and if such employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively, they shall be trained by the Company, provided that the jobs they have applied to be trained for are expected to last for a period of three (3) months or more. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal lay-offs.

 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have approval of the Company before such posting. A copy of the notice is to be given to the Camp Supervisor for his records.

 Effective the first of the month following date of ratification for each employee on the payroll who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII, the Company will provide appropriate single or family coverage in accordance with Blue Cross Drug Plan or its equivalent, and Semi-private Hospital Care Plan. The Company will maintain coverage to employees who are off work due to a Workplace Safety Insurance Board claim or a Short Term Disability claim for up to a period of twelve months. The Company will continue coverage for a laid off employee to the end of the month in which he was laid off. Coverage will resume on the date the employee returns to work from lay-off.

 The life insurance coverage for an individual employee will be sixty-five thousand dollars ($65,000) fully paid by the Company. Each participating employee who is actively at work, may elect to be insured for an additional amount of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) of term life insurance. An employee who elects this additional coverage, will be required to contribute $4.50 per month. The Company agrees to maintain the contribution level until the termination of this Agreement. Effective October 1, 1999 the following will be implemented. Life Insurance for dependents (a) Spouse - $10,000 (b) Each unmarried child. 14 days but less than 1 year - 55,000 1 year but less than 19 years (25 years when a student full time wholly dependent on the employee for support, 55,000) Life insurance for dependents will be at Company’s cost and will terminate upon the employee’s retirement or death. ii) Accidental Death and Dismemberment The employer will provide a fully paid accidental death and dismemberment insurance with a maximum insured amount of 55,000. Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance will terminate upon the employee’s retirement.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of a Short Term Disability Plan. The plan will provide seventy (70) percent of weekly earnings forty (40) hours times an employee’s regular rate and pieceworkers, forty (40) times the Feller/Limber hourly rate, up to a maximum of four hundred (5400.00) weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compensable accident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to a sickness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective October 1, 1997, the maximum will be increased to five hundred and forty (5640.00) dollars weekly. Effective April 9, 1994, the Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of a medical certificate required to support a claim for benefits pursuant to the Short Term Disability Plan. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of $15.00 per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician The Company will maintain and pay the full cost of a Long Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 50% of weekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first. Effective July 1, 1991, for all employees actively employed, the Plan will provide for benefits of 55% of weekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first.

 When death occurs to an employee’s spouse or children, the employee will be granted leave and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) days. The day of the funeral must be one of the five (5) days. When death occurs to an employee’s father, mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, sister-inlaw, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, grandparents and grandchildren, the employee will be granted leave and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller/Limber Tree Length Skidding hours rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (3) davs. The dav of the funeral must be one of the three (3) days. Pay will be granted for the employee’s scheduled work days lost during this period. Any claim for bereavement pay must be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee’s immediate family. It is understood for purposes of this Article, step relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. If an employee’s family member dies while the employee is on vacation, his vacation shall be extended by the number of days of bereavement leave for which he would have qualified.

 In the case of an employee who is called for jury service or as a subpoenaed witness, the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time hourly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) hours based on the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance.

 The Company will provide a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. (a) (b) (c) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7 Basic Plan and Rider No. 1. Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No. Plan to provide coverage for fissure seal treatment. Maximum $1500.00 per calendar year per person. Effective October 1, 1999, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1998 ODA. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 2000, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1999 ODA. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 2001, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2000 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective October I, 2002, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2001 ODA. Schedule of Fees. Effective October 1, 2003, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2002 ODA. Schedule of Fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to layoff or Leave of Absence, but in no case beyond the end of the month following the month in which such absence commenced. The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plan design outlined in Item 2 above The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers, insurance companies or self- administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. The premium cost of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. If during the life of this Agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 The Retirement Income Plan (1985) forms part of this Agreement. A description of the Plan is attached hereto for information purposes. Any questions of administration or interpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan test.

 The Company will provide a Vision Care Plan which will provide for expenses incurred by an employee and/or the employee’s covered dependents when recommended by a physician or optometrist as follows. Effective May I, 1994, frames, lenses and the fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of $100.00 per insured family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar years. Effective October 1, 1996, the benefit amount will be increased to $125.00. Dtyden Forestlands John Lyotier Fred Dzida Dan Dedo Larry Dzijacky Al Hemming Al Smart Keith Kleinwachter Ritchie Mihalick Dave Saunders George Smith Daniel Langlais Chris Hartman Peter Ridgeway October I,1998 to September 30,2004 Cook Cookee Watchman Bus Driver Fellers and Buckers Handyman Helper Mechanical Equipment Labourer, General Operator, Backhoe Operator, Tractor, Wheel Skidders Operator, Bulldozer “A” Operator Bulldozer “8” Operator, Machine Scarification Operator, Forwarder Operator, Front-End Loader, DrotVHough Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Operator, Crane with Certificate Operator, Crane, no Certificate Operator, Pulpwood Harvester Operator, Pulpwood Harvester (under training) Operator, Mechanical Piler Operator, Mechanical Slasher Operator, Hydraulic Loader Mounted on Slasher Operator, Hydraulic Unloader Mounted on Slasher Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Slasherman Loader Operator Automatic Slasher Operator, Grapple Skidder Operator, Flail Operator, Feller Buncher Top Loader Relief Operator Grader Operator Mechanic Class A Mechanic Class B Mechanic Class C Lead Helper A Helper B Welder Class A Welder Class B Welder Class C Lead Helper A Helper B Truck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Truck Driver Tandem Axle Hauling Trailers (in excess of 102” in width) Truck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers (in excess of 102” in width) Truck Driver, Single Axle 22.00 22.50 Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Truck Driver, Trailers and Floats Power Saw Operator (non-productive) Tree Planter Trainee Machine Operator (for newly hired employees) Applied for Maximum of 15 Shifts Operator, Koehring Feller Forwarder Operator, Rogers Delimber Backhoe / Float Processor Forwarder Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. l/99 l/O2 l/O3 Cherry Picker Rock Truck Chipper SAWMILL (Contractor) Operator Debarker Operator Chipper C. An employee who is assigned to train another employee or employees shall be paid his regular rate plus thirty cents (30 cents) per hour during the training assignment. Tree Planter Labourer Crew Leader, Regular Rate Plus Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Plecework Rates - Manual Planting Site Prepared 10.5 cents/tree 8.5 cents/tree Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) Site Unprepared 11.5 cents/tree 9.5 cents/tree Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) (Employees on the regular seniority listing may elect to work on either the day or piecework wage schedule.) D. Power Saw Rental A day worker using his power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of. Per 8-hour day or shift when felling and limbing Per &hour day or shift when bucking at a landing on a skidding operation If he is unable to work the full day or shifl for reasons beyond his control he will be paid one-half (l/2) days rental when he works less than four (4) hours and a full days rental when he works more than four (4) hours. E. Handlcamed Workers A special rate may be established by agreement between the Company and the Union for aged and handicapped workers. The Company and the Union agree that commuter operations shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. Commuters are employees who (a) are resident within reasonable Riding and/or Walking Distance of the area of operations; (b) for whom board and lodging are not made available by the Company. The Company will arrange to provide free transportation from a designated marshalling point or points for each commuting area to the operating areas and return. Time spent by pieceworkers or dayworkers travelling on the vehicle provided from a marshalling point or points to debarkation point or points plus time spent walking from debarkation point or points to place of work in excess of one-half hour each way shall be paid for on the following basis; (a) Dayworkers at their regular rate of pay. (b) Pieceworkers on mechanical cut and skid operations shall be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Ill. WALKING DISTANCE AND RIDING TIME Pieceworkers who walk to work from camp a distance in excess of one and one-half (l-1/2) miles shall he paid on the basis of the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate for the time required to walk the excess distance. For the purpose of this Agreement it is agreed that the pieceworker will walk at the rate of three (3) miles per hour. Where pieceworkers are transported to work from camp, they shall be paid for Riding Time in excess of one-half (l/Z) hour each way at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Where a dayworker’s travelling time from camp to working place is composed of riding and/or walking time he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half (l/2) hour each way at his regular rate of pay. Where a pieceworker’s or a dayworker’s travelling time from camp to working place is composed of riding and walking time, he shall be paid the rate of pay as per this Agreement for all combined riding and walking time in excess of one-half (I/2) hour each way. The walking time based on the rate of one-quarter (114) of a mile equals five (5) minutes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling time so computed shall he credited not less than once each month. men or less men to 25 men men to 45 men men to 65 men cook cook, 1 cookee cook, 2 cookees cook, 3 cookees (Wheeled Skidders- Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as per the following schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (73$) cents per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter measurement shall be clearly marked on the butt of each tree length by the scaler. No Cutting Bonus in addition to Schedule Rates. No Poor Bush Bonus to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. The number of employees in each cut and skid crew shall not exceed three (3) at any time. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in any strip or block. Every attempt will be made to assign adjoining alternate strips. If these two strips yield less than thirty (30) cords, each crew member will be paid one hour at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. The Company will not normally exceed 600 feet when cutting strips. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in each strip. Exceptions will be dealt with on a local basis Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with Subsection (Ill) (Walking Distance and Riding Time). When, at Company request, the crew is required to sort wood by species, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or a total of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Company will endeavour to clear skidway sites. Where this is done by the crew at Company request, 7.62% of base earnings will be paid. Current rates listed in Letter of Understanding titled the same. (Wheeled Skidders - Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as per the following schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. A supplement of seventy-three (73) cents per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Crew will consist of a maximum of two (2) men. (a) Maximum skidding distance 900 feet when skidway placement not adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. (b) Maximum skidding distance 1,200 feet when skidway placement adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to be clearly marked on each butt by the Scaler. No cutting bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. When, at Company request, the crew is required to sort wood, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1.43% or a total of 4.29% of base earnings will be paid. Where skidway sites are prepared by the crew, 7.62% of base earnings will be paid. Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with subsection (Ill) Walking Distance and Riding Time. Current rates listed in Letter of Understanding titled the same. Between Dtyden Forestlands Operations and A. Certain understandings from the Memorandum of Agreement between the two parties dated 16th March 1959 were renewed as set forth hereunder. Small Crews It is agreed that where necessary, in the cutting of main roads beyond the normal camp cutting area, temporary small crews of not more than three crews (two men to a crew) may be required to batch. The Company agrees to supply such crews with adequate living quarters and living equipment. It is agreed that all other small crews will be family units (such units to be grouped in threes or fours) in a good location near suitable water supply. The Company agrees to supply adequate living quarters and living equipment. Groceries will be supplied, on request, twice per week; delivery free of charge. Cookery Schedule It is agreed that this schedule may be changed by mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced and that the persons eating may be varied 10% plus or minus for short periods. It is also understood that the cookery staff is in addition to the numbers listed in the Cookery Schedule. Hiring It is agreed that Union members who apply will be listed. Where a place of contact is given and the applicant states that he will be readily available, the applications will be kept on file providing the applicant reports weekly if requested by the Company. It is agreed that the words “capable employee” in the hiring clause also are interpreted to mean a “suitable employee”. In other words, a capable person is not always a suitable person. Company-wide Grievances The Company interprets “Company-wide grievance” to mean a grievance that pertains to more than one camp. Seniority Seniority lists will include employees’ addresses where possible. Concerning Transportation of Commuter Employees a) Company management made a commitment that transportation by employees’ automobiles will not exceed distances that require more than one-half (112) hour of driving time. b) It was agreed by the two parties that time allowances from the designated starting point to the work disembarking point would be established by a Company representative and a Union representative and that such time allowance would remain in effect except for alterations mutually agreed to by representatives of the two parties. 1. Concerning Cooks a) Company management agreed that where a crew being fed by a cook dropped below ten (10) men in number, the cooks wages would be maintained at the cook rate. Letter of Understanding Betwwn (Dryden Forestlands Operations) and The parties have discussed and agreed to the following terms and conditions. 1). The Letter of Understanding re. “Recognition-Jurisdiction” Page 76 is null and void effective immediately and will be deleted from the current Collective Agreement upon its renewal effective October 1,1993. 2) The Company agrees that permanent employees at date of ratification, who are members of Local 324 Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union of Canada will be protected from further reductions except through normal attrition. Attrition is defined as death, retirement, voluntary resignation, or discharge for cause. The above protection is granted to employees who are part of the Dryden and Ear Falls/Red Lake Cutting forces, Ear Falls Contracting - Mechanics and Road Construction. The Company will endeavour to maintain cutting operations in Ear Falls while protected employees are available. However, it is understood that as openings occur in the Dryden Operation, Ear Falls employees will be expected to transfer to those openings. An agreed list of protected employees will be compiled and attached to and form part of this Letter of Understanding. The above does not preclude temporary cessation of operations caused by market conditions, closure of production facilities, strikes or lockouts, fire and other “Acts of God”. Upon renewal of the Collective Agreement (Expiry Date September 30, 1993) this letter of Understanding will be included and form part of the renewed Collective Agreement and any subsequent renewals thereof and will not be the subject of further negotiations between the parties. Dated at Dryden, Ontario, this 26’h day of July, 1999 Fred Ozida Dan Dedo Keith Kleinwachter Ritchie Mihaiick TUDOSE, NiKOiAUS SCHMilk, CHARLES SHAkPE, MURRAY JEWElT, PAUi BERGAGkINI, TULLIO Dtyden Forestlands Operations Where a contractor is engaged by the Company on road construction, employees who are hired to perform such jobs for the contractor shall be considered as new employees and shall not establish seniority under the provisions of Article XII of the Agreement. This letter excludes those employees and contractors named in the Letter of Understanding, Re. Departmental Seniority. The contractor and his employees will work under the provisions of the Collective Agreement as amended by this letter for such employees, and will establish and maintain their own seniority. Re. Article X - Working and Living Conditions It is understood that the contractor will be responsible for the fueling of his equipment and for providing transportation to and from the work site in vehicles which provide adequate room and which meet MT0 standards. Re. Article Xl - Hours of Work The provisions of 11.04(a) and 11.04(b) will not apply to owner operators when the lack of work is a result of mechanical downtime on the equipment he is operating. Re. Article XII -Seniority a) Employees in the mechanical road construction group (Ear Falls Contracting) who have established seniority under the provisions of Article 12 of the agreement shall be permitted to exercise their seniority on road construction jobs in their particular area (Ear Falls Contracting), where work is not available in their normal job classifications or where normal alternate work is not available. b) The provisions of Article 12.04 will not apply to road construction workers, when the layoff is a result of mechanical problems on the equipment he is operating. Signed at Dryden, Ontario, this 28’” day of July, 1999 Fred Dzida Dan Dedo Keith Kleinwachter Ritchie Mihalick Dryden Forestlands Operations RE. ARTICLE 11.03Id\ The parties agree that when re-scheduling and shift changes are required under conditions as outlined below the time and one half provision of Article 11.03(d) will not apply. a) Breakdown of mechanical harvesting equipment after the