ARTICLE Ill • RECOGNITION· JURISDICTION 3.01 (a) The Company recognizes the Union as sole collective bargaining agency for a II of its - - ; . . ~ who are engaged 1n woods operations on the limits, on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of , Artide, Compant employees shall be all those in the job class1ficat1ons set out in the Wage Sch ,·.' attached 1D and fanning a part of this t_;.· ~ ~ . includingthose who are employed on job olassific~ ··· which may be established and become pari of . attached Wage Schedule during the term of · Agreement. 3.01 (b) The employees d contractors engaged by Company on the limits and work sites of the Co shall be considered employees within the terms ol t Agreement, save and except the employees. contractors an dJor the contractors who are ~ ··. .. perform occasional special services not c. ~ performed by employees covered by the terms of t Agreement, employees of contractors where contractors are engaged for the purpose of erect' structures and where such a contractor is bound by Agreement with a Union or Unions affiliated ~-.-. central labour body covering such work. 3.01 (c) The Company and the Union agree th~t operatorwho enters into a third party agreementwith ··, Company and the MinistrY of Natural Resources, produces forest products for the Company or any of t negotiating companies, shall have an agreement' Union covering such operations. See attach-ed letter , Appendix A .01 (d) Employees shall not be permitted to own chanical equipment in the cut and skid phase (stump J roadside) d the logging operations. ,mployees shall be permittedto own other equipment in other phases of the Company's operations subject to · following conditions. • It will not interfere with the application of seniority. will be assigned to equipment in accordance ith the provisions d the Collective Ageement; • Employee-owned equipment will be on a voluntary · . No employee shall be required to own er lease any nt as a condition of employment; Senior employees will be given first opportunity to . or purchase such equipment subject to Article XII Seniority 12.01. paragraph 1. 'he number of employees owning or leasing equipment not exceed 20 percent of the number d employees the seniority list submitted in accordance with Article ~.06 and to be calculated each year at that time. ,m ,n ~epai rs shall be carried out by Company tradesmen --.- •~ - d in the job classifications of the wage schedule ,t the 'Collective Ageement. · is understood that operators scheduled on such nt may be required to perform maintenance or ninor repairs during their scheduled work shift. _ , _ ·r t shall be a continuing Company obligation to ensure • tal I terms and conditions of the Collective Agreement adhered to. .~ employeeon the activepayroll, on authorized leaveof absence, or on a disability leave on the date ratification (excluding those who are replacing employees) will be laid df due 1D the use or repair empk>yee-owned equipment. 3.02 Supervisory personnel, which contractors whose employees are considered to t employees underthis Aareemen~ shall not perform which would normally fie a function of an employee I the .Ji> classifications covered by th is Ageement, exc when instructin_g employees and in cases of -- - . which inv~ve pnysical danger to employees or danger property. 3.03 It is agreed that Company operations shall not t interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute·· may arise between the Umon and any other l. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the r..; •covering such matters in accordance with the ~ _ • · of the Labour Relations Ad of Ontario.

Section 8.03 it shalr commence at Stage 3 of this 4.01 The Wage Schedule is attached hereto, and form! a pa rt of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement, a chan e in jot content occurs in any job classification liste8 in th< attached Wage Schedule the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upor failure to reach agreement, the matter may be referred t< Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. 4.03 When changes are to be made in operatin(. methods including major alterations in established worr patterns requiring the establishment of new jot classifications, the Company will give the Union at leas thirty (30) days' advance notice in writing. During the thirty (30) day period prior to th4 r· _ . ..tion of such changes, uppn request by the • · . , , the Company will meet with the Union and · ..uss such changes. the new job classifications, the Company shall set ... ...·. rates. Any such rates will be based on ·r • , with prevailing rates fer similar and/Or i occupations in the attached Wage Schedule. .. .. ir.,. the implementation of such changes, ·· - _for rates covering the new job classifications ulting from such changes shall commence without . y. · r agreement is reached such rates shall become part the attached Wage Schedule. the event that the parties do not reach agreement on . ratesforthe newclassifcationswithinth1rty(30) days • the effective date of the change or alteration the matter • y be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. thirty (30) day period may be extended by mutual · of the parties. .·, rates when established shall be retroactive to the cl establishment of the new classification . The Company agrees that when a rate for a job ification is or becomes part of the attached Wage · chedule, the Company will not change the method of nt for such job classification from daywork to C&Work or vice versa if such a change adversely cts the average earnings of the employees .erned. - . The Company agrees that it is in favour of its covered by this Agreement becoming of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. 5,02 (a) Any employee who is now a member in g standing er who becomesor is reinstated as a member the Union shall, as a conditionof continued ~. r ~-., ... . maintain such membership in good standing•· the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Ur· intending 1D suspend a member, the Company shall t notified by the Union in writing it. least seven (7) • before such suspension. 5.02 (b) When hiring employees the Company after complY.ing with Article XII of this Agreement, • preference to Union members who apply and capable of doing the. work required cl them. if Ur' members are not available the Company shall have ·-~ right to hire non-Union help until such time as U • members are available. The Company further agrees advise the Uni on office ol all its labour requirenients' · time to time thereafter. The Company shall furnish t" Union Steward with a list new employees arriving camp each week. a 5-02 (c) NEM' employees shall make application to Ji the Union when first approached to do so by a cful authorized Union Steward, Offk.ial or Representative The Company shall upon hiring advise all ne employees by fetter, with a copy to the Union Steward, t report to the Steward within ten (Kl) days of comm enc in work. Failure of an employee t, comply with th conditions herein shall be cause for immediaf termination of employment. 5.02 (d) The Company shall put employees on ch e< ott at the time of hire or return to work and deduct tti Union's membership dues from monies due them. s.oa H an individual employee, who is a member cl U Union or becomes a member, so desires, the Compa, agrees that it will, on his behalf and upon his writtE ... ,t, deduct Union initiation fees and/or monthly . _-- • · hip dues from monies due him. The deduction tion shall be transferred from camp to camp · ,g the course of his employment. _ • Remittances of all deductions shall be sent to the cal Union, said remittances to be accompanied by • d lists in alphabetical order, in duplicate, of , with Christian names, social insurance numbers n authorized by Union members, and amounts by . The Company will endeavour to deliver these .\s as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the ing month. The Company shall include in each , ' _-1 _ ~·s income tax slip (T-4) the amount of union aeducted in the calendar year. 'JI Representatives carrying proper credentials shall _ the right to visit all operations in connection with · ,n business as it pertains to the Company's Credentials carried by the Union .·~- ~ =.~ ~ =--~!-_- ==- shall consist of a Certificate of Authority . -_ .d by the President and Secretary ci the local Union nd shall be presented to a Com~y official upon arrival i a camp or other site of operations if requested. Said .. · · · will be provided board and lodgin9., if ·• • • , on the Company premises at the prevailing . ect rate. ~! The local Union shall furnish the Company with a ·t of local Officers and Representatives, and shall nd these lists as changes occur. ,.., The Company will furnish a list of supervisory I to the Union office at the start of the contract 1and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. . amended list will show the effective date cf the . Failure to advise the Union of such changes ·ill-~-~~- any Wa-J affect the authority of Company

Section 4.02 and r:ates for job classifications under 1.01 (a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each •... r .. ., by cheque to be issued at the time termination employment or at the employee's option, at the time layoff, a when vacation is taken. a tncome tac on Vacation Pay credits shall be ... along with regular earnings each pay period. I.G1 (b) Each 2 percent increment of Vacation ;entitles an employee to one (1) week of time off. An employee who has worked continuously for one times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. An emp_loyH has the right to take his full entitlement time df, whether or not he has worked conti11 uousfy . one (I) y~, a; a time or times satisfactory1c nim self his Supervisor. 6.02 Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on th following basis. (a) 4 percent of gross earnings for employees wh have worked less than 800 days. (b) 6 percent of gross earnings for employees wH have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,0C. days. ·(c) e percent a grow earnings for employees wh have worked 2,000 days or more but less tha 4,000 days. (d) 10 percent of gross earnings for employees wh have work~.J)OO days or more but less tha, 5,400 days. (e) 12 per cent of gross earning~for employees who have worked more than 5,400 days. (9 Supplementary Vacation with Pay. Employees ,ho have worked morethan 5,000 days for the Company • II receive the following additional vacation in the year in which they attain. Age Age Age Age Age 60 · 1 week (2 percent of gross earnings) 61 • 2 weeks (4 percent cl gross earnings) 62 • 3 weeks (6 percent of gross earnings) 63 • 4 weeks (8 percent of gross earnings) 64 • 5 weeks (10 percent d gross earnings) '3 Days worked for purposes of this Article shall n all days worked, plus working days which normally ould have been worked but were lost as a result of ..kenss or injury certified by a licensed physician, i, or chiropractor, and all totaf days on Union , off-the-job training, vacation, flolidays with y, jury duty and bereavement leave in any calendar r. Ah employee who has established seniority in ccordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain accumulation of service for his rate of vacation pay r as long as he retains seniority rights with the ~mpany. a• ·.01 Employees who ~ualify under Section 12.02 shall 1 paid without the performance of work for the following •· ~~~-~;. New Yea's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Jominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Jay, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing )ay. --· =n any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall t -obsen£.ed ai th~ onacedina Fridav,,ll and if the holiday on ~unciay, 1t Wiii be aoserveu on the tallowing Employees who have accumulated one hundred twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) t. . , holidays per yecr. Such holidays will be taken at a t• satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of layoff is prevented ~ taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu c such holidays. 7.02 (a) An employee, who qualifies under S ecti l2 .02 J who works any cf the available work days \ ·· • · the thirty (30) day period immediatelypriorto the he··_· and does not leavework sooner than two (2) days t • the holiday and is ready for work on the morning oft• second (2nd) day after the holiday, unless his return I work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond t.. contrai, shall receive pay for the holiday unless he . during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior tor.holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the ;-. •· • and is ready for work for the second day foflowi~ 1re holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements witfi 1re Company prior to leaving, unless ottier arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Unk>r either at camp level or at management level. 7.02 (b) ff an employee, who qualifies under Sectior 12 .02 and who works any of the available work day within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to tht hol lday, is on authorized leave of absence other than at provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shal receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during his absence, provided he returns to work on time, unte~ his return to work on time is prevented by circu mstancet beyond his control. 7.02 (c) An employee, who qualifies under Sectior 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a layoff during the thirty(30) day period immediately priorto the holiday I receive h~iday pay for the hoUday(s) within such ' · 'y day period. .02 (d) An employee, who qualifies under Section '?.<>2, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or ccident certified -by a licensed practitioner during the ~y-one (21) day period immediately prior to the •· • y shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within uch twenty-one (21) day period. "'.02 (e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the fourteen 14) calendar day p~riod i_mmediately following t_he •·.. y, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding .. . y. 1.02 (9 An employee who qualifies under Section ~.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay nd additional time off for any holidays occurring within uch vacation period. ".03 A special leave of absence shall be granted to a , ·· ~· d employee who must travel a long distance to be for Ctiristmas, in which event sucn an employee -.'ill receive pay for the holidays provided he returns on . Any reguest for such leave cl absence must be _. to the Camp Foreman no later than December 1st an employee is prevented by circumstances yond his control from returning to wak on time, he • all be paid for the holidays. 7.04 (a) lfqualified, a day worker will be paid a day's • y at his or her regular rate for the holiday. 7.04 (b) A dayworker who is requested to wak on any .. •· " v shall be oaid for all timetworked.at theiate of ana one-na1r n1s regu ar ra e ana. if quaunea, 1n ~ ~'.~~.n, shall receive one (1) day's pay at such regular rate in lieu cl the holiday. Dou~e time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work o a holiday.

Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto, t• complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly possible and it is generally understood that an ~ -· -· has no grievance until he has given to his Foreman' - opportunity to adjust his complaint. 8.02 (a) The Union shall arrange for the election "' its working membership ;c. each camp, by the m - -therein, of a Union Grievance Committee c£ thr• (3. headed by a Union Steward who shall act as r· • ·· for that Committee. In the absence of the Steward, ·• Company will recognize a delegated member of ;. Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required 1D recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02 (b) It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exerased in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee. 8.03A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any differences between the parties a between the Company and employees cover~ by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation cl any of the provisions of this Agreement. .G4. <3~evances as defir.,ed above may be taken by ~he by the Union Steward or the Union ~.;~............ having jurisdiction directly to the . ·- ; . · ~ # _ .'s immediate supervisorfor adjustmentoutside ·.. _ · .~.,g hours. No grievance shall be recognized unless ·• • ~- procedure is followed. The grievance shall be , . ~ = ~ . ~ _d without undue delay. Any grievance submitted · ., the Foreman, in accordance with this procedure. in · .'riting. will be disposed d by the foreman, in writinQ, ·_-_.•. _. _ a grievance has been submitted in writing, it will ..~ .- dealt with in writing at alJ stages thereafter. F ~ a .. · ·. " ~ory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours. .. n _ 2 • The matter shall be taken up by the Union 3rlevance Committee and/or Union Representative with Operations Superintendent within ninety-six (96) in writing on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Operations Superintendent shall make a reply in .~~.1g within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a •· ' ctory adjustment, then, 3 • The matter shall be taken up by the Officers cf "Local Union and/or their representatives with the Vie President • Woodlands cl the Company or his Failing a settlement within seven (7) then, I age 4 • The matter shall be referred to the Vice , resident - Woodlands cl the Company or his . _;..·~ ~ _. -~- ~.-~ and a Union Committeeaccompariied by ~~- a ... Union's President or his representative. Failing a ,t within fifteen (15) days, then, _. ___ _ 5 • Either party may, within the following fifteen \;·~) days, refer the matter to arbitration. -.05 A grievance arising from a claim by an employee -~ At his discharge or suspension ~ the Company was · -· ·-, or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge er suspension becomes effective. Where such an employee's grievance fs not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting a.. the third stage d the grievance ~ocedure. In case of discharge or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing<£ the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In~~. event that an employee,is found by an arbitration board to have been unfairly discharged or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job underterms and conditions decid-,. by the arbitration boad. 8.06 Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure. 8.07 If the Company has a grievance as defined in

Section 11.05 (a) for such time worked. If an employee grievance procedure by the Vi e President -Woodlands or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7'Jjays, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the Vice President • Woodlands of the Company or his representative. Failing a Settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to arbitration. 8.0I Jn arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one man and these bo men shall select a third party who shall act as chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee no later than five (5) days after receipt cl written notice of the other par.tY's nomination. The arbitration board's decision shall be final and binding on both parties to this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third party as rrovided above, they shall ask the Provincial Minister o Labour to appoint a third party. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a ~ e arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. a.01 It is understood that the function of the arbitration board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to ater, add to, or amend this Agreement. HONeVer, the function of the arbitration board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under

Section 11.03 (d) shall not apply providing there is E arbitration board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. 8.10 Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the members of the arbitration board selected by it or by the Minister cl Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses cl the third member cl the board. 8.11 Saturdays, Sundays, statutorY and leg al holidays shall not be included in any time limits in tti1s Article cl the Agreement.

Article XII. 9.01 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

Section 12.01 as at March 31 of the same yea-. This list it isagreedthatthe Company and the Unionshall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position d Chairman shall alternate between a Comeany Co-chairman and a Union Co-chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate· copies going. to th.e Company office, the Union office and the camp Bulletin Board. A member of the Committee is entitled 1c such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified FirstAid Man in each camp, such FirstAid Man to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid kits at or nearwork sites and in all vehicles and boats regularly used for the transportation d men. 10.01 (a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least36 inches in width, spaced at least38 inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airloam, plastifoam or spring filled mattresses. Where these conditions require changes in present camps such changes shall be effected within the term of this Agreement. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees io construct all living quarters into suitable rooms nousing not more than two (2) employees per room. In the case of cookerypersonnel, the Companyagreesio provide in the construction of new camps, suitable living quarters housing not more than one (1) employee per room. Where such cookery staff accommodations are currently available, they shall be so arranged and provided. The Company agrees to supply two clean sheets and one clean pillowcase perweek and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newly arrived in camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in serviceable condition~ all times. 10.oa (b) tt is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and flealth. Employees' living and service quarters will be washed and d1sinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a TV e! where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets and showers. A lock-up storage eype locker will be provided for each man in his bunktiouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. Air conditioning will be installed in one cookery on a trial basis, and if this proves beneficial, installations will be carried out in all other cookeries during the term of this Agreement. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities tc assist in starting employees' cars parked in the c lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided tc' employees in all camps. 10.03 (c). All bunkhouses will be supplied with. · coolers and paper drinking cups, except where d • · fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03 (d) The Company agrees that fly cc · • measures will be carried out on camp sites periodic .. as conditions warrant and pest control as requir~d. - 10.04 (a) Refrigeration will be provided for perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. perishable foods shall be handled in a sanitary..~ during transportation at all times. 10.04 (b) There shall be no substitute for butter suppliedto employees. Margarinewill be made upon request. serve Jc) in Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 10.04 (d) Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual arrangements have been made. The preparation cl lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the wrapping cl lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety cooked meats and fresh fruit. a 10.04 (e) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon and evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours coffee breaks shall be on Company time. 10.04 (9 The charge for board and lodging shall be $.1.75 per calendar day. 10.04 (g) The Company will provide each cut and .kid crew with a suitable lunch shack for year round use. (a) tt is agreed that present standards of r. rvice wm be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. The Company agrees 1D provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless -'...~.=...11y agreed to. The Company agrees to provide radio communication from all operating camp sites during the tenn of this Agreement. 10.05 (b) The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons and smocks, on loan, and other suitable uniform apparel, at oost, and provide for the laundering cl such exterior dothing without cha~e. Washing and crying machine facilities will be supplied for the use d the cookery personnel. 10.05 (c) The Company will p_rovide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee-owned power saws to a maximum of T\I\O Thousand, Five Hundred($2,500) Dollars and will provideaddiUonal free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such tools, while on Company property or work sites. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee-owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company z their full replacement value. An e_mployee_who cause_s a fire wilfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant Toss, Sl at>,, e ,ge1 enu I r• against employee-owned power saws wHI be made a c bell veen lhe Cor ,peny Ind d re Union. 10.o& (a) · Employees shall t ay; , t, be theft paid every ;. . . ~ on that day. advances wll be ac a or 'I ~. . of -evident emergency. SI~ a Paid ~ ~ - • ~. · occur ·on Thursday pay day er rlday,_ payment will -= t on Wednesday of that aek. 10.oe (b) ! t II i c 10.08 (c) In insta .. c I riZe at c t, ash j (. • will I la the ,•s payroll credit. IXtend ,. a d to the extent 10.08 (d) A Time r m11 ~, ·1-1i to each emplOyee for i1 , r ;e will carry ·gs, ,mDlt deductions· covering the code& , I c .k t ct in a 10.06 (e) Where twenty-four (24) hours' ·no11ce .- · , of lit ym t I ~ the r ny c ..._. employee it rendered th C~ rti ,y agrees· that ~ . _. _ wi II be made to make a full ~= ~ ·•• =· · _· · · reasonable er within nty (24) h and legal holidays excepted. Ail hand toots and equipment required on the job be made available to employeess on loan. When an , =~~-~or of equipment is required by the Company to do mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such tools are required on ban. All tools and equipment not _~ _ I J will be charged for in full. Wan out or broken • _~ _ will be replaced with serviceable tools free of • _, provided that the worn out or broken tools are _d. No person shall be requiredtoown or rent any 'I or equipment as a condition d employment, unless .~ employee shall operate a tractor or like equipment ~ _ or leased by himself or by another employee in · = cut and skid operations of the Company. - •• Employees using power saws will be provided ··.. free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools -• equipment required on the job, and will be issued, ., ban, the following. Light metal power saN wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broken condition. •• One (1) safety type gasoline container. • One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). ·~-.- Company agrees to stock two types cl power saN • 1ins and chain repair kits, consisting cl spare links d rivets, in the camps, and sell them to the employees -~ invoiced cost to the Company. .mplyees using po.Ner saws will be provided with free _r saw gas and oils. At each operating camp a separate, suitable, ·= ~~. j building shall be provided for the repair and ~ ~ cl power saws. Said buildingsare also to contain .,. · _int rockup type lockers for storage, work bench and viw. Compressed air will be provided in the r _ saw repair building. No power saws shall be repaired c stored in living andJor service quarters. 10.10 Onlyfactory built buses shall be used for the re transportation of men; same to have adequate ~ ~ ~ ·· accommodations, emergency exit doors and . to ... equipped with racks for the safe carrying cl took gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided fc employeesat designatedwaiting places, such shelters ~ have heating facilities. The Company will, for the - ·· ' · of its employees, have either communication transportation available at designated waiting plac (See attached Letter cl Understanding) 10.11 Night watchmen shall be employed in . · operating camps during the heating season. · ·i·.. 10.12 The Company agrees to discuss with the Un· in each particular operation ways and means c improving conditions for all employees covered by th'. Agreement, and also the interpretation of t' · Agreement. 10.13 Food served to the employees in the camps • ... at all times, be cl high quality and of sufficient q and shall include in season fresh fruits, vegetables greens. 10.14 The Company, consistent with its policy t promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will require an employee to work alone in an isolated unless such. operation is deemed safe,band fr •. communication With SUCh employee Win e m · • • by his supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.15 The Company agrees that it will furnish, on ! all safety equipment and personal safety apparel .. and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety glc and mitts. The Company subsidy for approved safety clothing for I use will be as follows. Safety boots- $30 per pair Safety pants- $12 per pair Safety mitts and gloves- $ 7 per pair The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not come a condition of employment unless it has been • . . d to by the Company and the Union, or is - ~ -tory under Government legislation. 10.16 The Company agrees that there will be no shacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement who are engaged in producing and delivering operationson its Limitsand/or work sites unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the Company. 10.17 (a) The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms ot Article XI I .. Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Companyof his intentionto do so and effective date cl ratification shall be paid twenty (20) cents per kilometer. 10. 17 (b) Scheduled working time lost as a result d such transfers shall be paid for at the r~ular straight time rates for dayworkers and normal travel time, outside an employee's scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum d eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers. Lunch boxes and thermos bottles shall be issued, on loan, to all employeea and shall have sterilized befae issue. 10.11 All night shift workers shall have sleeping quarters apart frcm other shift workers practical. The Company shall provide the Union Stewad in operatingcampwith a room in the bunkhouseinwhich t conduct Union business. 10.20 On regular hauling operations where trucks loaded by cranes, Drott loaders or similar equipment, toploader or helper wlll be employed. 10,21 The Company agrees that for the purpose ,c safety not less than tx, (2) men shall be on each bOatwhen such work boat is used in towing, rafting rr_ driving a rearing. 10.22 The Company shall supply mechanics, \ • • and electricians suitable coveralls and provide for laundering of same free of charge. a& Coveralls will he placed at the slashers for use of , ... crew while doing maintenance. 10.23 Tradesmen and helpers, carpenters - · servicemen assigned to a bush garage shall receive t..., (50) cents per hour in addition to the applicable~....~;·.., rate. Tradesmen and helpers, carpenters and servic assigned to a main camp or central garage required~= perform wak of their trade away from a main camp or central garage will be paid fifty (50) cents per hour in addition to tile applicable hourly rate for ail such ho·~~= worked away from the main camp or central garage. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in the yard,. the main camp (I" central garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid fifty (50) cents per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard.

Section 12 .01 d Article XU, to meet the Company's 11.01 (a) The week for operations shall be six (6)days per week, Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday incfusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. (See Letter of Understanding attached in Schedule a) It is agreed that daywork or shift work employees may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with

 requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be withheld. 11,01 (b) Fa the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the /sixth day/ (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. See Letter of Understanding attached in Appendix B. 11,02 (a) The work day a shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02 (b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours cf 7.00 p. m. and 5.00 a.m .• mealtimeexc9Eted. Hovvever, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request cl the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 7.00 p.m. in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03 (b). 11.03 (a) A night shift differential of forty-five ( 45) cents per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03 (b) On other two-shift operations the first shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of forty-five (45) cents per hour. (Letter of Understanding • Site Preparation) 11.01 (c) On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3)shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows. Starting rme Stopping Time (between hours or) CbltWNn hou,. of) Effective September 1, 1991, increase second shift premium from forty-five (45) cents to fifty-five (55) cents per hour, and third shift from fifty-five (55) cents to sixty· five (65) cents per hour. 11.03 (cl) The hours of work and the "sixth day" for da workers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous vveek. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. 1. An employee may not change shifts during the v..eek except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company he will be paid at one and one-tialf times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the chan9.e. When the employee · rever1s to his original shift he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided ttat there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. 2. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements such starting times for employees within any given job classif1cation shall be confined to a one (1) hour period. (Seeletterd Understanding on Truck Hauling) 3. On all operations which a-e carried out on a two (2) or three (3)shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on a rotating weekly schedule basis. -.03 (e) If an e'!'IPloyee, who has completed his cheduled work week is required for work on his sixth · .y" or Sunday, such overtime shall be posted on the =ceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted _ •• -- - \\Ork at the regular starting time and is unable > commence work for reasons beyond his Cootrot he • -.11 receive four (4) hours' ~y ii.. the applicable I~~.--~. rate as specified in Section 11.05 (a) provided . remains available for the four (4) hour period if so ~ . .·.-d by the Call>any. •CM (a) A day or shift waker, who is unable to work • r fu II day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall ~ paid for one-half a day if he works less than four (4) ~ urs, and for a full day 1f he works more than four (4) In the case cf. time lost In excess cf. one (1) hour reason of lack of assignment of area to cut, andbr t!required in excess of one (1) hour to travel to assigned, payment shall be made for ail hours lost. 11.M (b) A day or shift worker who reports for work his scheduled starting time and is unable to co• work due to reason$ beyond his control shall c .. four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he ~ available for tw5 (2) hours from his scheduled _... _ time, accepts alternate work if so assigned commences regular work when conditions permit. d If regular or alternatework commences in the first half the shift on the first or subsequent days, the payment shall not be made and the provisions cl ~ 11.04 (~) will apply. Should the em.Rloyee work any oft' hours m the second half of the shift tie shall receive, (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company ·• commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. .r When the providing d alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions OI

 break of at least eight (8) hours lJetween sti1fts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment cl four (4) hours, such payment shall not bE made for the second and subsequent consecutive daYt in the event the ComP-any gives notice that no work is available a minimum ii eight (8) hours in advance of th« scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee he m~ exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If su employee does not have sufficient seniority to displac another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of bD days notice. If he does exercise his senionty within the camp unit and displaces another e~ployee, the dlsplac~ ~mployee shall be laid df and paid eight (8) hours pay m lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise senlo,ity outside the camp unit u_ntil the third consecutiveday following the day notice is given. Should an employeeelectto take leave cf absence in lieu d exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise his seniority on his retum to work. Notification and reporting established locally. procedures shall be 11.05 (a) Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or outside his regular shift shall be P.aid for at the rate of time and one-nalf. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday er Monday) and on a Sunday. Overtimework required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification requiringthe overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. 11.05 (b) Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess cl eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subJect to the other provisions of Article XI. (1) Cook (4) Cookee (5) Choreboy (3) Second Cook · (6) Watchman (2) Baker (7) Boat CreNS • Guy M No. 1, RobertW. and Tugalong Fa employees in the job classifications Usted above the hours cf work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime exgspted. Hcmever, the work day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) tlour period divided Into not morethan tiopartsprovided there isa break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutive shifts, Monday to Friday indusive, or Tuesday to Saturday indus1ve. 2. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day er shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work \\'eek, and all hours worked on his "sixth day" (Saturday<r Monday)and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time and one-half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. a AA employee in the above classifications who is unable 1C> work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he 1s available at the Drt d tiis scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start cl the second half cl the scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted an Thursday cl the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth d~y" or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The so starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. an employee may not change shifts during the week except when tiis shift scheduled is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts 1D his original shift he will be paid at tflis regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of a.. least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled workweek is called back for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum cl eight (8) hours work and be paid at time and one-half ~rovidedhe remainsavailableif so requested by the Company. e. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of forty-five (45) cents per hour for each second shift worked in accordancewith Article 11.03(c). The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. a Headquarters watchmen Understanding (appended). see Letter of 11.0I Walking distance and/or riding time shall not be considered as time worked. Walking distance and riding time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time Section of the Wage Schedule cl this Agreement. 11.07 An employee, who is called out for work after completing his day or shift, or more than one (I) hour before the start of hls day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the catl-out for work is within the one (1) hour period priorto the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the startingtime ~ the call-out to the scheduled starting time of his aay or shift. Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05 (a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours of work exclusive of the the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee, who is called out for work OR his "sixth" day (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05 (a), from the starting time of the call-out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time and one-half.

 12.01 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govem, subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability in promotions, transfers, layoffs and recalls after layoffs. Time off due to sickness or accident must be certified by a licensed physician, licensed dentist or licensed chiropractor. An employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shall retain seniority while on such leave of absence. An employee who has established seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months. 12.02 Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six month period. Thereafter Article 12.01 shall apply, and the employee shall be placed on the Seniority List in order cf hire. 12.03 (a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, a part thereof, the employee will be permittedto transfer to a job to which his seniority and qualifications entitle him. If no jobs are available he wil I be permitted to replace an employee with less seniority on a job for which he is qualified provided. (i) The jobs will continue in other districts for fourteen (14) days or more, and (ii) The employee having racaived advance notice in accordance with Section 12 .04 advises the Company prior to the effective day d the advance notice and in writing on forms to be supplied by the Company of his desire to transfer or to be laid d£ . When layoffs are for less than fourteen (14) days seniority will be applied on a district basis. Prior to an intended layoff which is to last more than fourteen (14) days, the Company will provide the Camp Foreman with a copy to the Union Grievance Committee, with a list ri the employees in other districts having the lowest seniority on jobs which will continue for fourteen (14) days or more and which are similar to those being terminated. The number of employees listed in each job classification shall be the same as the number being laid off in the same classification. 12.03 (b) In transfers from one job classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shaN retain the rate of his previous job classification. 12.oa (c) The Canpany ,when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with

 Notice a impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies cl less than two (2) calendar weeks auration. Newly aeated jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards bythe Companyfor a period a five (S)workingdays prior to any appointment to such id..s, stating the normal job requirements. Employees snall not be considered for such jobs, unless they apply in writing within the five (5) day period. All jobs will befilled from among the qualified applicants a, the basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreement. Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5> work days in which to quaritv, (or further time as may· be mutually agreed, if additional training is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to retumto hisfonnerjob without loss of seniority or benefits. Successful applteants will be required to fulfill the vacancy for which they have applied. Employees accepting__ a job posting shall remain in that job for a minimum cf three montfls from the date the employee filled the job vacancy unless being displaced from that job because of layoff or the bumping procedure. The Company shall _post notices in camps showing the names d successfurapplicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. 12.03 (cl) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave cl absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions Section 12.03 (c) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. a In the event that a vacancy is not filled from the Camp unit, it shall be tilled on a Company wide seniority basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occl.J)y the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons cl layoff from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. 12.04 In case d layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union ,Grievance Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of lay-off as possible. 12..05 When the approximate time of recall is known at the time of layoff~ employees leaving camp will be informed cl such approximate date at that time. But in all cases, notice in writing will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is requiredto report for work. Employeeswm be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for vvork on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made in writing. 12.06 The Company agrees 1D submit to the Union Office by April 30 of each year an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement, showing their hiring date following their last break in seniority, and Company seniority rank as specified in

 will shovv in addition each employee's occupation and address. 12.07 A seniority list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp showing the Company seniority rank of each employee. 12.08 An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of this Article shall retain such seniority for twenty-four (24) months during layoff. An employee who quits of his own accord or is discharged and not reinstated, or fails to report to work following recall as provided in Section 12·.05 of this Article, shall automatically lose all seniority. An employee who fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified shall lose his seniority unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 12 .09 Any employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain his seniority for a J?eriod not exceeding eleven (11) months from the dated promotion or transfer and shalf have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all provisions of this Article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. Supervisory personnel who are generally employed on seasonal operations and who have not acquired seniority, in accordance with this Artide, may be placed on jobs listed in the bargaining unit, during the off season, provided that this does not interfere with the application of seniority of any employee. Such personnel shall apply for Union membership prior to being placed on the job and maintain their Union membership in good standing. 12.10 When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment or curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment, in accordance with

 labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform alternate employment effectively they shall be trained by the Company. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal layoffs. 12 .11 An employee with three or more years d service for whom no,· ob Is available because rl mechanization, technologica changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one week's pay for each year d completed service since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty hours at the employee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employee who chooses to receive the severance allowance' shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee's name will be removed from the seniority list. The above provision is not in addition to the requirementsof the Employment StandardsAct.

 13.G1 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealingwith Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the apprtNal cf the Camp Foreman before such posting. to=

 14.01 Effectivethe first cl the month the date of ratification for eac~ employee on the ·. who has established seniority 1n accordancewith Article XII, the Company. will provide a,>Propria\e single or family coverage 1n accordanc~w1th a Blue C~ DrUQ -~•n or tts equivalent, and Semt-Private Hospital Care Plan. The Company will maintain cov~ to emplov.s-who · are dI work due to a Workers' ·ConipensatiOn'·cJail;it-i.C>r a ..· Short-Term Disability claim for up to a period .of.;tw.elwf·.-... (12) months. a Effective the first the month fojlowing the date ofiat~,~-..= lfication, the Company agrees to provide coverage ior,~a· · laid-off employee to the end of the month following .th•· ., month of lay off. Coverage will resume a, the date the employee retumsto wort< fran layoff. a Effective the first d the month folk>wing the date ratification, all costs of medical reports requested by the Company or the Insurance Carrier will be covered by the Company to a maximum of $15 upon receipt.

 11.01 Effective February 1, 1991, the Company will maintain a Group Life lnsuranc~ Plan to provide Fttty · Thousand ($50,000) Dollars cl Life lnsu ranee for eacfl employee while act1v~ly employed. The premium cost to the employeewill be 36 cents per $1,000 per month.

 16.01 The Company will maintain and pay the premium costof a WeeklylndemnitylnsurancePfan. The Planwill provide seventy (70) percent of weekly earnings {forty (40) hours times an employee's regular rate, forty (40) hours times the Feller-Limber hourly rate)to commence on the first day in case a non-com pensabkt accident or a in the case of an illness Cll the date d confinement to hospital or the fourth day of illness, whichever is the earlier date. Benefits win continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) week. Effective the first month following the date of ratification, for all new claims, increase maximum to Four Hundred and Eighty (480) dollars per week. Effective September 1, 1994, for all new claims, increase maximum to Four Hundred and Ninety-Five (495) Dollars per week. Effective September 1, 1995, for all new claims, increase maximum to Five Hundred and Ten (510) Dollars per week. Plan detail· Appendix •1A''

 17.01 When death occurs t, an employee's spouse or children the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straighttime rate for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) days. When death occurs to other members of employee's immediate family, that is, an employee's father, mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother--inlaw, sister-in-law, son-ii-law, daughter-in-law, brother, sister, grandparents, the maximum time lost paid for will be three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. The day of the funeral must be one cl the five (5) or three (3)days. Pay will be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. It is understood for purposes of this Article step relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. Any claims for bereavement pay must be submitted b~ the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family.

 18.01 In the case of an employee who is called for jury service or subpoenaed (no aroitration • no defendent), the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time hourly rate and the payment he received for jur}' service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance.

 19.01 The Company will maintain a Dental Care Pian, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. Eligibility Participation in this Plan is limitedto employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days cl seniority with the Company. Pian Design a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Basic Plan and Rider No. 1 or equivalent. No. 7 b) Services and benefits as provided in Rider No. 2 (50 percent) or equivalent. Blue Cross Effective date of ratification,, amend the Plan to grovide for the application of the 1992 0.0.A.