ARTICLE Ill - RECOGNITION- JURISDICTION The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions as specified in this agreement, and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of property. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide for fair and peaceful adjustment of all disputes that may arise between the Parties. It is recognized as a duty of the Parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions as set forth herein. There shall be no discrimination, harassment or intimidation against anyone. Nothing in the Collective Agreement shall conflict with any Provincial or Federal legislation. The use of masculine gender in this Agreement shall be considered also to include the feminine.

Article XlI shall retain their accumulation of days for their rate of vacation pay for as long as the employee The Collective Agreement will be renewed for a period of five (5) years, September 1, 2004 to August 31, 2009. All other provisions of this Collective Agreement taking effect on September 1, 2004 will remain effective up to and including August 31, 2009, and from year to year thereafter unless either party desires to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September 1st of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party, in writing, as to the changes desired.

Section 12.01 to meet the Company's labour requirements, and if such employees require training to 3.01(a) The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classifications which may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the term of this Agreement. 3.01(b) The employees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of contractors and/or the contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. 3.01(c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. 3.01(d) There shall be no change in the method by which contractors maintain their equipment. Mechanical work shall be performed by members of Local 324. This shall not apply to specialized or warranty work. Specialized work is work that the employees do not have the ability or facility to perform. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario.

 The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a part of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement a significant change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached Wage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating methods, including major alterations in established work patterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the 30-day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the Wage Schedule. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached Wage Schedule. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the change or alteration, the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. The 30-day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates, when established, shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classifications. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

 The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. 5.02(a) Any employee who is now a member in good standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union shall, as a condition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union suspending a member, the Company shall be notified by the Union, in writing, of the date of the suspension and the Company agrees to discharge the employee within seven (7) days of the date of notice of suspension 5.02(b) When hiring new employees the Company will, after complying with Article XlI - Seniority, give preference to Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union members who apply and are capable of doing the work required of them. If Union members are not available the Company will hire non-Union persons. The Company agrees to advise the Union from time to time of its labour requirements. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. 5.02(c) New employees shall make application to join the Union when first approached to do so by a duly authorized Union Steward, Official or Representative. The Company shall upon hiring advise all new employees by letter, with a copy to the Union Steward, to report to the Steward within five (5) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. 5.02(d) The Company shall put employees on check-off at the time of hire or return to work and deduct the Union's monthly membership dues from monies due the employee. Representatives of the Union carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business as it pertains to Company operations. Credentials carried by the Union representative shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Union. Representatives shall present their credentials at the Forestlands Office in Dryden, Ontario, and will be issued Company passes. On arrival at camp the Union representative will report to the Camp Supervisor. Said representatives to be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. 5.04(a) The Union shall furnish the Company with a list of local officers and representatives and shall amend these lists as changes occur. 5.04(b) The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors. The Company agrees for an individual employee who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, to deduct upon the employee’s written request, union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due the employee. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his or her employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be sent to the local Union. said remittance to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order in duplicate of names with Christian names where available and amounts by camp. The Company will ensure these lists will be forwarded no later than the fifteenth (15th) of the following month. The Company agrees to include on each employee's income tax slip (T-4) the amount of Union Dues deducted in the calendar year.

 6.01(a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment or, at the employee’s option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. 6.01(b) Each 2% increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (1) week of time-off. An employee who has been continuously employed for one (1) year, has the right, and is expected to take their full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to the employee and their Supervisor. An employee has the right to take their full entitlement to time-off, whether or not the employee has worked continuously for one (1) year, at a time or times satisfactory to the employee and the Supervisor. Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. a) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. b) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. c) 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less than 4,000 days. d) 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4,000 days or more but less than 5,400 days. e) 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 5,400 days or more but less than 6,500 days f) 14% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 6,500 day. g) Supplementary Vacation with Pay Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age 60 Age 61 Age 62 Age 63 - 1 week ( - 2 weeks ( - 3 weeks ( - 4 weeks ( 2% of gross earnings) 4% of gross earnings) 6% of gross earnings) 8% of gross earnings) Age 64 - 5 weeks (10% of gross earnings) Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all days on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or on off-the-job training, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty, subpoenaed witness and bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of

 retains seniority rights with the Company.

 Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Year's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and the supervisor. An employee who by reason of lay-off is prevented from taking their floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. If an employee has any floating holidays remaining on December 1st, the employee may elect to take pay in lieu of time off. 7.02(a) An employee, who qualifies under Article XII, Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday, and is ready for work on the morning of the second (2nd) day after the holiday, unless their return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond the employee’s control, shall receive pay for the holiday unless the employee quits during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the holiday and is ready for work for the second day following the holiday, shall make reasonable arrangements with the Company prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Union either at Camp level or at Management level. 7.02(b) If an employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02 and who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to the holiday, is on authorized leave of absence other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, the employee shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during their absence, provided the employee returns to work on time, unless their return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond the employee’s control. 7.02(c) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a layoff during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. 7.02(d) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twenty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 21 day period. 7.02(e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the 14 calendar day period immediately following the holiday, the employee shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. 7.02(f) An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for Christmas, in which event such an employee will receive pay for the holidays provided the employee returns on time. Any request for such leave of absence must be made to the Camp Foreman no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond their control from returning to work on time, the employee shall be paid for the holidays. 7.04(a) If qualified, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding) for the holiday, and a dayworker shall be paid a day's pay at his or her regular rate for the holiday. 7.04(b) A day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and one-half the employee’s regular rate for the first eight (8) hours of work and at the rate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. 7.04(c) A pieceworker who is requested to work on a holiday shall receive their earnings plus one-half day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

 8.01(a) It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible. To this end it is agreed that periodic meetings will be held between the Company and the Union to discuss the interpretation and administration of this Agreement. 8.01(b) It is agreed that no grievance shall be processed which usurps the rights of Management. 8.01(c) It is generally understood that an employee has no grievance until they have given their Foreman an opportunity to adjust the complaint. This may be done during working hours. 8.02(a) The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union Grievance Committee of three (3), headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesperson for the Committee. In the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesperson. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02(b) It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any differences between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervi sor for adjustment outside of working hours. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman, in accordance with this procedure, in writing, will be disposed of by the foreman in writing. Where a grievance has been submitted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or the area Vice-President or their designate with the Division Superintendent or their designated representative within ninety-six (96) hours, in writing, on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Division Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 - The matter shall be taken up by the Executive Officers of the Local Union and/or their designates with the Production Manager, Forestlands, of the Company, or their representative. Failing a settlement within seven (7) days, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred to the Resident Manager, Forestlands, of the Company, or their representative and a Union Committee, accompanied by the Union’s President and the National Representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days, refer the matter to arbitration. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that their discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. When such an employee's grievance is not processed from the first stage before the employee leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his or her job under terms and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure. If the Company has a grievance as defined in Section 8.03 it shall commence at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure by the Forestlands Manager or their representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the president of the Union or their representative by the Vice President Forestlands, of the Company or their representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. In arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one (1) person; these two shall select a third person who shall act as Chairperson. Either party shall appoint its nominee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party's nomination. This Arbitration Board shall convene and render a decision promptly and such decision shall be final and binding on both parties of this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) persons selected by the respective parties to select a third person as provided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third person. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the board. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutory and Legal Holidays shall not be included in any time limits in this Article of the Agreement.

 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of the Chairperson shall alternate between a Company Co-Chairperson and a Union Co-Chairperson. The Chairperson of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate - copies going to the Company Office, the Union Office, and the Camp Bulletin Board. There will be central Safety committee meetings held each quarter. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his or her work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which the employee shall be paid by the Company at their regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid Person in each camp, such First Aid Person to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid Kits and 2-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportation of employees. 10.03(a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36 inches in width, spaced at least 38 inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airfoam, plastifoam, or spring filled mattresses. Where these conditions require changes in present camps such changes shall be effected within the term of this Agreement. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than two (2) employees per room. In the case of cookery personnel, the Company agrees to provide, in the construction of new camps suitable living quarters housing not more than one (1) employee per room. Where such cookery staff accommodations are currently available, they shall be so arranged and provided. The Company agrees to supply two (2) clean sheets and one (1) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newly arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all times 10.03(b) It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees' living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a TV set where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate drying rooms, washrooms, inside toilets, showers and laundry washing and drying machines. During the first year of this agreement, a T.V. Satellite Dish will be installed at all year-round live-in camps. A lockup storage type locker will be provided for each person in his or her bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees' cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. 10.03(c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03(d) The Company agrees that fly control measures shall be carried out at regular intervals during the summer operating season and camp pest control as required. 10.03(e) Night watch shall be employed in all major operating camps during the heating season unless an Underwriter approved fire detection and fire warning system is installed. 10.03(f) All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical and as arranged on a camp basis by majority vote. 10.04(a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include, fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. 10.04(b) Butter shall be supplied on the tables at all meals and on coffee tables and shall not be mixed with any substitute. Margarine will be made available to employees on request. 10.04(c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. 10.04(d) Each employee shall pack their own lunch, unless other mutual arrangements have been made. The preparation of lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the wrapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. 10.04(e) Suitable heated lunch shacks shall be provided on all mechanical operations. Such shacks to have protective screening during the summer months. The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch building for year-round use. 10.04(f) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning afternoon and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shall be on Company time. 10.04(g) The charge for board and lodging shall be One Dollar and seventy-five Cents ($1.75) per calendar day. 10.05(a) It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service. laundry, recreation and motion pictures. It is understood that the showing of moving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TV is available. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. 10.05(b) The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons, and smocks, on loan, and other suitable uniform apparel, at cost, and provide for the laundering of such ext erior clothing without charge. Washing and drying machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. 10.05(c) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employee's personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee-owned power saws to a maximum of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00). Additional free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools will be provided to the full value of such tools while on Company property or worksites and as documented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee-owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire willfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of employee-owned power saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. 10.06(a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday. 10.06(b) Interim advances will be made only in instances of evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on Thursday pay day or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. 10.06(c) In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employees' payroll credit. 10.06(d) A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to each employee for each pay period. This statement will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued Vacation Pay credit, and deductions, covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. 10.06(e) Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. 10.06(f) The Company will provide each pieceworker with a minimum of one (1) scale per week. and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be given to each pieceworker at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information, where applicable. Number of cords or number of pieces (Tree Length), Riding and/or Walking Bonus, Footage of strip or Main Road Cut; and Poor Bush Bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a minor mechanical repair job, he or she will be furnished such tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. No employee shall operate a tractor or like equipment owned or leased by themselves or by another employee in the cut and skid operations of the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. a) Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broken condition. b) One (1) safety type gasoline container. c) One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agrees to stock two types of power saw chains, and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoiced cost to the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free power saw gas and oils. 10.09(a) At each operating camp, a separate building will be provided for the storage of power saws. Said building shall contain sufficient lockers for storage. In addition, a suitable, separate heated building with work bench, vise and compressed air will be provided for the repair of power saws. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Each employee shall cooperate in maintaining the building in a clean and safe condition. 10.09(b) The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. To subsidize the cost of required apparel such as safety pants, boots, gloves and mitts, the Company will make a one-time annual payment in the amount of one hundred and twenty dollars ($120.00) to each active employee with a minimum of six (6) months seniority, and payable in December of each year. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. 10.09(c) Lunch boxes and thermos bottles shall be issued on loan, to all employees and shall have been sterilized before issue. Only factory built buses shall be used for the road transportation of employees. Same to have adequate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, equip all buses transporting employees with two-way radios, and will have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. 10.11(a) The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms of Article XII Seniority Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of their intention to do so and shall be paid 30 cents per kilometer. 10.11(b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate per day for pieceworkers, and normal travel time, outside an employee's scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the above rates for pieceworkers. 10.11(c) Each employee required to travel from his/her place of residence to another community will be paid $50.00 per week. It is understood that in order to qualify for this payment, the employee must have exercised their bumping rights under Article XII. It is further understood that such employee will receive this payment for a period not exceeding 6 months. It is further understood that employees are not required to each drive their own vehicles in order to qualify for travel allowance. 10.12(a) The Company, consistent with its Policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by the Supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.12(b) The Company agrees that there will be no shacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement, who are engaged in producing and delivering operations on its limits and/or work sites, unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the Company. 10.12(c) The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. 10.12(d) All tradesmen and helpers will be supplied with suitable coveralls. Where an employee performs alternate work assisting trades people, the Company will supply the same suitable coveralls, where required. 10.12(e) Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage, or who are required to provide maintenance or repair services outside the town limits, will receive fifty cents (50 cents) an hour premium for all such hours worked. 10.12(f) Where employees are normally scheduled for eight hours per day and when such an employee is required to work more than 4 hours overtime, he or she will be provided an adequate lunch or arrangements will be made for same. 10.12(g) Maternity/Parental Leave – In the case of maternity leave and parental leave, the eligible employee will be granted a leave of absence in accordance with the Federal and/or Provincial laws.

 11.01(a) The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in daywork jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with Section 11.05(a) for such time worked. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. 11.01(b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. 11.02(a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m.,, mealtime excepted. 11.02(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours commencing between the hours of 3.30 P.M. and 5.00 P.M., meal time excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 3.30 P.M. in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03(b). 11.03(a) A night shift differential of sixty cents (60 cents) per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03(b) On other two-shift operations, the first shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of sixty cents (60cents) per hour. 11.03(c) On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows. 1st Shift 2nd Shift 3rd Shift Starting Time (between hours of) 7 am – 8 am 3 pm – 4 pm 11 pm – 12 pm Stopping Time (between hours of) 3 pm – 4 pm 11 pm – 12 pm 7 am – 8 am Shift Differential Nil 60 cents 70 cents 11.03(d) The hours of work and the “sixth day” for day workers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. 1. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when their shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, the employee will be paid at one and one-half times their regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his or her original shift, they shall be paid at their regular straight time rate provided that there is a break or at least 8 hours between shifts worked. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements, such starting times for employees within any given job classification shall be confined to a one-hour period. On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis. 11.03(e) If an employee, who has completed his or her scheduled work week, is required for work on their day off, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If the employee is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond their control, the employee shall receive four (4) hours pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05(a) provided they remain available for the four-hour period if so requested by the Company. 11.03(f) During the period of May to August, two shift scarification operations may commence at 6.00 11.03(g) During the fire season, scheduled hours may be altered to provide for early start up when necessitated by fire hazard ratings, as determined by the M.N.R. guidelines. It is understood the starting time may be advanced by up to two (2) hours except where travel time is more than one (1) hour, the maximum advance will be one (1) hour. 11.04(a) A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond their control shall be paid for one-half day if the employee works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if the employee works more than four (4) hours. A pieceworker who will lose more than one (1) hour of work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of the one (1) hour at the rate of Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding, provided the employee reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate daywork if so requested by the Company. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignme nt of area to cut, and/or time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be made for all hours lost. 11.04(b) A day or shift worker who reports for work at their scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond their control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at their regular rate provided the employee remains available for two (2) hours from the scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences regular work when conditions permit. It is understood however that this shall not apply in cases of full or partial cessation of operations due to weather or an act of God. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04(a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift, the employee shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03(d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, they may exercise their seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, the employee shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If the employee does exercise their seniority within the camp unit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, they shall be permitted to exercise their seniority on return to work. Notification and reporting procedures shall be established locally. 11.05(a) Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift, and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on their designated "sixth day” day (Saturday or Monday) or outside the employee’s regular shift shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on an employee's designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay, shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. 11.05(b) Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of Article Xl. (a) Cook (b) Cookee (c) Watchman For employees in the job classifications listed above, the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) hour period divided into not more than two (2) parts provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of the employee’s scheduled work week, and all hours worked on the employee’s "sixth" day (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond their control, shall be paid for one-half day if the employee is available at the start of their scheduled shift, and for one full day if the employee remains available for the start of the second half of their scheduled shift. 4) The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth" day or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when the shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, the employee will be paid at one-and-one-half times their regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to their original shift they will be paid at regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed their scheduled work week is called back for work on their "sixth" day or Sunday, the employee shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work and be paid at time-and-one-half provided they remain available if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of 45 cents per hour for each second shift worked. The present standard of service by chorepersons and night watch shall be maintained. Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be considered as time worked. Walking Distance and Riding Time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. An employee, who is called out for work after completing their day or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of their day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall the employee receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (1) hour period prior to the start of their day or shift the employee will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of their day or shift. Where the employee continues to work into their day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05(a) shall apply after the employee has completed eight (8) hours work exclusive of the time worked prior to their starting time. An employee who is called out for work on their “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05(a), from the starting time of the call-out, but in no case shall the employee receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time-andone-half. During spring break-up the hauling of wood fiber may commence early on Mondays. Hours to be defined by mutual agreement.

 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, lay-offs and recalls after lay-off Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until they have worked thirty (30) days within a six-month period. Seniority of new employees shall be established at the end of this period and shall be effective from the date of employment. 12.03(a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise their seniority and transfer to a job for which they are qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with section 12.04, the employee advises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on forms to be supplied by the Company, of their desire to transfer or to be laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled by employees with less seniority than those employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other districts for more than one (1) week, otherwise the district will be the unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. 12.03(b) The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five(5) working days. It is agreed however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than thirty (30) calendar days duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirements. Employees shall not be considered for such jobs, unless they apply in writing within the five(5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this Agreement. Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days in which to qualify, (or a further time as may be mutually agreed, if further training time is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle them to return to their former job without loss of seniority or benefits. In the event there are no successful bidders, the junior employee in the transition contractor will be awarded the posting. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. All postings, internal and external, permanent or temporary will be forwarded to the Union office. Once the successful applicant has been appointed, the Company will forward to the Union a list of all applicants and identify the successful applicant. 12.03(c) A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, subpoenaed witness, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days, shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03(b) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on an area basis. When regular operators are not available, spare operators will fill all temporary vacancies and third shifts when created for the stump to roadside workforce. The employee who had occupied the job upon their return to work shall once again occupy the job that they had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of lay-off from their former job has exercised their seniority on this particular job. In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days, the Company will notify, in writing, the employees intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company will provide two weeks' notice of layoff in the case of shutdowns due to market conditions or plant shutdowns. It is understood however that this shall not apply in cases of full or partial cessation of operations due to weather or an act of God. When the approximate time of recall is known at the time of layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that time. But in all cases notice in writing, will be sent to an employee at their given address at least fourteen (14) days before they are required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. 12.06(a) An employee's seniority shall not be broken by sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, licensed dentist or licensed chiropractor. 12.06(b) An employee's seniority shall be broken if the employee quits, or is discharged and not reinstated, if the employee fails to report for work following recall as provided in Section 12.05 of this Agreement, if the employee fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified unless theyhave been prevented from returning on time by circumstances beyond the employee’s control and the Company has been so notified, and if they have been laid off for twelve (12) months or more, with the exception that continuity of service will extend up to, but not more than twenty-four (24) months if requested in writing by the employee before the elapse of twelve (12) full months or lay-off. The Company agrees to submit to the Union an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement as of April 1st, showing Company seniority dates. The Company will endeavour to have this list sent to the Union by the first of May of each year thereafter. A seniority list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp and forwarded to the Union office showing the seniority date and posting/position held of each employee with the Company. In transfers from one job classification to another senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which the employee is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of their previous job classification. For determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified for Feller-Limber (Tree Length Skidding) shall apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. (a) An employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one (1) year. (b) An employee who has accrued seniority and is employed by Local 324 shall be granted Leave of Absence from the Company. The employee will go back to the position they held prior to their leave upon returning from said leave. An employee who is promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding one (1) year. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment, or due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with

 perform the alternate employment effectively, they shall be trained by the Company, provided that the jobs they have applied to be trained for are expected to last for a period of three (3) months or more. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal lay-offs. 12.13 Severance In the event that Employment Standards Act severance pay is owing to employees, the payment will be calculated at 1.5 weeks pay per year of continuous service.

 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have approval of the Company before such posting. A copy of the notice is to be given to the Camp Supervisor for their records.

 Effective the first of the month following date of ratification for each employee on the payroll who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII, the Company will provide appropriate single or family coverage in accordance with Blue Cross Drug Plan or its equivalent, and Semi-private Hospital Care Plan. The Company will maintain coverage to employees who are off work due to a Workplace Safety Insurance Board claim or a Short Term Disability claim for up to a period of twelve months. The Company will continue coverage for a laid off employee to the end of the month in which they were laid off. Coverage will resume on the date the employee returns to work from lay-off. A Pay Direct Drug Card will be provided for all participating plan members. Children with Disabilities – Insured children suffering from a mental or physical disability will continue to be covered beyond the maximum age as long as they are dependents of the employee. 14.02 Chiropractic and Physiotherapy Coverage Effective April 19, 2005, the Company will cover 50% of the cost of Chiropractic and Physiotherapy services to a combined maximum of $20 per visit to a yearly maximum of $300 per family member. 14.03 Retiree surviving spouse health care coverage In the event of the death of a retiree covered under the health care benefit plan, the surviving spouse will have the option to continue to be covered by the plan provided the spouse pays the total cost of the premiums. If there is no pension payment from which to deduct the premiums, the spouse will have to supply to the Company postdated cheques covering the coming year’s premium payments. To maintain the coverage, the spouse will have to submit required information and payment as stipulated by the Company’s procedures. The coverage will cease effective the date this benefit plan coverage would have expired for the retiree, or earlier if there is a change to the surviving spouse’s marital status.

 Effective May 1, 2005, life insurance coverage for an indi vidual employee will be seventy-five thousand dollars ($75,000) fully paid by the Company. Each participating employee who is actively at work, may elect to be insured for an additional amount of fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000) of term life insurance. An employee who elects this additional coverage, will be required to contribute $4.50 per month. The Company agrees to maintain the contribution level until the termination of this Agreement. Supplemental Life Insurance Effective January 1, 2005, optional life insurance, fully paid by the employee, will be made available to employees less than 65 years old. This optional life insurance will be available to a maximum of $200,000 in increments of $25,000. With notification to contractor administrator for this plan, employees will be permitted once a year to amend their level of coverage. Formal notification of such change must be made by November 30th of the preceding year to be effective January 1st of the following year or later, upon acceptance from the insurance carrier following proof of good health. Coverage premiums will be based on sex, age and smoker or non-smoker status; restrictions and exclusions will be subject to the insurance provider’s plan policies. Associated premium costs will be administered through payroll deductions. Coverage will end at termination or upon retirement. Effective May 1, 2005, life insurance for dependents will be. (a) Spouse - $15,000 (b) Each unmarried child. i) 14 days but less than 1 year - $7,500 1 year but less than 19 years (25 years when a student full time wholly dependent on the employee for support, $7,500) Life insurance for dependents will be at Company’s cost and will terminate upon the employee’s retirement or death. ii) Accidental Death and Dismemberment The employer will provide a twenty-four (24) hour fully paid accidental death and dismemberment insurance with a maximum insured amount of $50,000. Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance will terminate upon the employee’s retirement. Retiree Life Insurance For employees retiring after May 1, 2005, the death benefit coverage will be $1,000.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of a Short Term Disability Plan. The plan will provide seventy (70) percent of weekly earnings forty (40) hours times an employee’s regular rate and pieceworkers, forty (40) times the Feller/Limber hourly rate, up to a maximum of five hundred forty ($540.00) weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compensable accident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to a sickness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective September 1, 2005, the maximum will be increased to six hundred and forty ($640.00) dollars weekly. Effective September 1, 2005, the Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of a medical certificate required to support a claim for benefits pursuant to the Short Term Disability Plan. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of forty ($40.00) dollars per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician The Company will maintain and pay the full cost of a Long Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 50% of weekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first. Effective July 1, 1991, for all employees actively employed, the Plan will provide for benefits of 55% of weekly earnings, payable to age 65 or termination of the disability, whichever occurs first.

 When death occurs to an employee’s spouse or children, the employee will be granted leave and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at their regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) days. The day of the funeral must be one of the five (5) days. When death occurs to an employee's father, mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, grandparents and grandchildren, the employee will be granted leave and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at their regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight (8) times the Feller/Limber Tree Length Skidding hours rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (3) days. The day of the funeral must be one of the three (3) days. Pay will be granted for the employee's scheduled work days lost during this period. Any claim for bereavement pay must be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family. It is understood for purposes of this Article, step relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. If an employee's family member dies while the employee is on vacation, their vacation shall be extended by the number of days of bereavement leave for which they would have qualified.

 In the case of an employee who is called for jury service or as a subpoenaed witness, the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on the employee’s regular straight time hourly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) hours based on the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment the employee received for jury service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making claim for such allowance.

 The Company will provide a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. (a) Effective April 19, 2005, services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No.7 Basic Plan and Rider No. 1, based on the 2004 Ontario Dental Association Schedule of Fees. (b) Effective April 19, 2005, services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross (50%), based on the 2004 Ontario Dental Association Schedule of Fees. (c) Rider No.2 Plan to provide coverage for fissure seal treatment. (d) Maximum $1,500.00 per calendar year per person. (e) Effective September 1, 2006, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2005 ODA Schedule of Fees. Effective September 1, 2007, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2006 ODA Schedule of Fees. Effective September 1, 2008, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 2007 Schedule of Fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to layoff or Leave of Absence, but in no case beyond the end of the month following the month in which such absence commenced. The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plan design outlined in Item 2 above The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers, insurance companies or self- administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. The premium cost of this Plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are provincial legislation. currently being provided by federal or If during the life of this Agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 The Retirement Income Plan (1985) forms part of this Agreement. A description of the Plan is attached hereto for information purposes. Any questions of administration or interpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan test.

 The Company will provide a Vision Care Plan which will provide for expenses incurred by an employee and/or the employee's covered dependents when recommended by a physician or optometrist as follows. Effective May 1, 2005, frames, lenses and the fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of one hundred and fifty dollars ($150.00) per insured family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar years.

 22.01 The Union and Company will meet once every two months to deal with issues other than grievances. The company will cover wages lost for up to two employees of the contractors that are representing Local 324. THIS 31s t DAY OF MARCH, 2005 Dryden Forestlands Dan Dedo Jan Park John McInnes Ritchie Mihalick Shelley Kiewning September 1, 2004 to August 31, 2009 Cook Cookee Watchman Bus Driver Fellers and Buckers Handyman Helper Mechanical Equipment Labourer, General Operator, Backhoe Operator, Tractor, Wheel Skidders Operator, Bulldozer “A” Operator Bulldozers “B” Operator, Machine Scarification Operator, Forwarder Operator, Front -End Loader, Drott/Hough Operator, Crane with Certificate Operator, Crane, no Certificate Operator, Pulpwood Harvester Operator, Pulpwood Harvester (under training) Operator, Mechanical Piler Operator, Mechanical Slasher Operator, Hydraulic Loader Mounted on Slasher Operator, Hydraulic Unloader Mounted on Slasher Slasherman Loader Operator Automatic Slasher Operator, Grapple Skidder Operator, Flail Operator, Feller Buncher Top Loader Relief Operator Grader Operator Mechanic Class A Mechanic Class B Mechanic Class C Lead Helper A Helper B Welder Class A Welder Class B Welder class C Lead Helper A Helper B Truck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers Truck Driver Tandem Axle Hauling Trailers (in excess of 102” in width) Truck Driver Hauling Multiple Trailers (in excess of 102” in width) Truck Driver, Single Axle Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Truck Driver, Trailers and Floats Power Saw Operator (non-productive Tree Planter Trainee Machine Operator (for newly hired employees) Applied for Maximum of 15 Shifts Operator, Koehring Feller Forwarder Operator, Rogers Delimber Backhoe / Float Processor Forwarder Cherry Picker Rock Truck Chipper SAWMILL (Contractor) Operator Debarker Operator Chipper C. An employee who is assigned to train another employee or employees shall be paid his or her regular rate plus thirty cents (30 cents) per hour during the training assignment. Sept. 1/04 Sept. 1/05 Sept. 1/06 Sept. 1/07 Sept. 1/08 Tree Planter Labourer Crew Leader, Regular Rate Plus Piecework Rates - Manual Planting Site Prepared Bare Root Stock Container Seedlings Upon Ratification Effective Sept. 1, 2008 11.5 cents/tree 12.0 cents/tree 9.5cents/tree 10.0 cents/tree Site Unprepared Bare Root Stock Container Seedlings 12.5 cents/tree 10.5 cents/tree 13.0 cents/tree 11.0 cents/tree (Employees on the regular seniority listing may elect to work on either the day or piecework wage