ARTICLE VI - VACATION WITH PAY - Continued The purpose of this agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions, and living conditions as specified in Article x of the Agreement and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of property. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide for fair and peaceful adjustments of all disputes that may arise between the parties. It is recognised as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein.

Article 2 (a) above, for the remaining period The Company and the Union agree one with the other that they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September 1, 1993 to August 31, 1998 inclusive, and from year to year thereafter unless either party desire to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September lst, of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party in writing as to the changes desired. The Collective Agreement will be renewed for a period of three (3) years, September 1, 1993 to August 31, 1996, following which the Agreement will be i-e-opened for the sole purpose of negotiating general wage increases only for a further two (2) year period from September 1, 1996 to August 31, 1998. All other provisions of this Collective Agreement taking effect on September 1, 1993, will remain effective up to and including August 31, 1998.

Article XII on a job posting and by so doing becomes 3.01 (a). The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in Woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this Article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classifications which may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the term of this Agreement. Continued 3.01 (b). The employees of Contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of Contractors Q an or the Contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are'engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement, with a Union or Unions affiliated with a central labour body, covering such work. 3.01 (c). The Company and the Union agree that an operator enters into a Third Party agreement with the Company and Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products the Company or any of the six negotiating companies, shall psagreement with the Union covering such operations. who the for have 3.01 (d). This section is subject to the provision of Letter of Understanding - Recognition - Jurisdiction. Supervisory personnel, which includescontractorswhose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, exceptwheninstructing employees andincases of emergencywhich involve physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as the result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other Union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordancewiththeprovisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario.

Article V - Union Nembershio The wage schedule is attached hereto, and forms part of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement, a change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached wage schedule the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement, thematter may be referred to Stage III of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating methods includingmajor alterations inestablishedworkpatterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least 30 days advance notice in writing.

Article VI - Vacations with Pay 4.03 - Continued During the 30 day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon requestbythe Union, the Company will meet with the Union, and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the wage schedule. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached wage schedule. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within 30 days of the effective date of the changeor alterations the matter may be referred to Stage III of the Grievance procedure. The 30-day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates when established shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classification. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached wage schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from day work to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

Article VII - Holidays with PaY The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitateUnionmembershipsolicitations ashereinafterprovided. 5.02 (a). Subject to the provision of the Labour Relations Act and the regulations made thereunder, any employee who is now a member in good standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union, shall, as a condition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union intending to suspend a member, the Company shall be notified by the Union in writing at least seven (7) days before such suspension.

Article X - Working and Livinq Conditions - Continued 5.02 (b). The Company shall, after complying with Article XII Seniority, advise the Union from time to time of the Company's labour requirements. When hiring additional employees the Company will give preference to Union members who apply and who are capable of doingworkrequired of them. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. 5.02 (c). New employees shall make application to join the Union when firstapproachedtodo so by a dulyauthorizedUnion Steward, Official or Representative. The Company shall, upon hiring, advise all new employees by letter to reporttothe Union Steward within ten (10) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to complywiththe conditions herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. An individual employee, who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, the Company agrees that itwilldeduct Union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be senttothe Union; said remittances to be accompanied by itemised lists in alphabetical order, in duplicate, of names with Christian names as payrolled, stated date of birth, and amount by camps. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but not later than the end of the following month. Each employee's tax slip T-4 shall show the amount of union dues deducted in the calendar year. Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business and shall report to camp supervisor or clerk on arrival at Camp. Credentials carried by the Union Representatives shall consist of a certificate of authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Union; and said representatives to be provided board and lodging if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. The Union shall furnish the Company with a list of Union Officers and Representatives and shall amend these lists as changes occur. The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors.

Article XII - Senioritv 6.01 (a). Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment, or at the employee's option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. Administration - Company agrees by April 1, 1981 at time vacation with pay credits are paid, amounts and income tax deductions will be set out separately on pay stub. See Letter of Understanding - Vacation Pay. 6.01 (b). Each 2 %incrementof VacationPay to one (1) week of time off. entitles an employee An employee who has worked continuously for one (1) year, must t;lke his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his supervisor. An employee has the righttotake his full entitlement to time off, whether or not he has worked continuously for one (1) year at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his supervisor. Vacation with pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. (a.) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. (b.) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (c.) 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less than 4,000 days. (d.) 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4,000 days or more but less than 5,400 days. (e.) 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 5,400 days. (f) * Supplementary Vacation with Pay.

Article XII of the Collective Agreement. Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shallreceivethe following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age Age Age Age Age 1 Week ( 2 % of gross 2 Weeks ( 4 % of gross 3 Weeks ( 6 % of gross 4 Weeks ( 8 % of gross 5 Weeks (10 % of gross earnings) earnings) earnings) earnings) earnings) It is agreed that employees with vacation entitlement will be encouraged to utilize a scheduled vacation period shutdown as part of their vacation time entitlement. Days worked for purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist, or chiropractor, plusthetotal number of days on Union business, off-the-job training, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty and bereavement leave in any calendar year. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of service for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

Article XIV - Medical, Surgical, Drug and Hospital Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Years Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays falls on Saturday, it shallbeobservedonthepreceding Friday and iftheholiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of layoff is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. The holidays, Dominion Day and Remembrance Day may be observed on any such other day as may be mutually agreed to by the parties to this agreement. In the case of GoodFriday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day holidays, qualified employees to be eligible for holiday pay, must work their last work day or shiftprecedingthe holiday and be in camp ready for work at the start of their first work day or shift following the holiday. In the case of Labour Day, Christmas, Boxing Day and New Years Day, there will be a scheduled shutdown excluding essential services. It is agreedthatdateswillbe arranged by the parties. Either party may initiate discussions at least two (2) weeks prior to the holiday. See Letter of Understanding - Christmas Shutdown. Qualified employees to be eligible for holiday pay must work their last day or shift preceding the holiday shutdown and be in camp ready for work at the start of their first work day or shift following the holiday shutdown. Notwithstanding the preceding it is further agreed that qualified employees shall receive pay for the holidays. (a). Where they have been laid off for lack of work in the thirty (30) days immediately preceding the holiday. (b). Where an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. Where a holiday or holidays occur during their absence from work on an authorised vacation provided they return to work on time. The employee shall be entitled to additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. Cd). Where for reasons beyond an employee's control he has not been able to report to work on time he shall receive pay for the holidays. (e) See Letter of Understanding re. early departure. (f). Where an employee qualifies under Section 12.02 and is recalled and works any time during the 14 calendar day period immediately following the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. In the special case of Christmas, Boxing Day or New Years holiday, a qualified employee who has requested and who has been granted a leave of absence not more than ten (10) days before the holiday and who returns to work from leave of absence and is ready to work on time, will be paid for the holidays. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control fromreturningtowork on time, he shallbepaid forthe holidays. Where in accordance with 7.03 the scheduled Christmas, Boxing Day, New Year's shutdown includes the three (3) holidays, the employee who returns to work from leave of absence and is ready for work on time will be eligible for pay for the three (3) holidays. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. 7.06 (a). If qualified, a day worker shall be paid a day's pay at his or her regular rate, and a pieceworker a day's pay at the Feller Limber rate, for each holiday. 7.06 (b). If qualified, a day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate; double time for all hours worked after having In addition he shall worked eight (8) hours on the holiday. receive one day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. 7.06 (c). Pieceworkers shall not work on holidays.

Article XV It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible and it is generally understood that an employee has no grievance until he has given to his foreman an opportunity to adjust his complaint. 8.02 (a). The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union Grievance Committee of three (3), headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for that committee. In the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02 (b). It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised in any manner toward the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee men or other Union members. 8.02 (c). Tobe eligible for electionas Union Stewardanemployee must have established seniority under Section 12.02 of Article A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any difference between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, by the Union Steward ortheUnion representative having jurisdictiondirectlytothe employee's immediate supervisor for adjustment outside of working hours. No grievance shall be recognized unless this procedure is followed. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman in accordance with this procedure, in writing will be disposed of by the foreman, in writing. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or the Union Representative with the District Logging Superintendent within ninety-six (96) hours in writing on formstobe suppliedbythe Union. The District Logging Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 -Within ten (10) days the matter shall be taken up by officers of the Union and/or their representatives with the Manager - Logging Operations of the Company or his representative. The one exception to this procedure shall be in the soecial case orovided under Section 8.08 of this Article. In this 'case the matter may be taken up by the employee himself, or with the knowledge and consent of the employee, by Union representatives by presenting the case to the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative in writing. In either of the above cases the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative shall make a reply in writing within seven (7) days. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred within fifteen (15) calendar days to the General Manager - Forestry Division or his representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union President or his representative. Either party may request the presence of the President of the Northern Ontario District Council of I. W. A. Canada, or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. In Arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one man; these two shall select a third party who shall actaschairman. Eitherpartyshallappointits nominee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party's nomination. The Arbitration Board's decision shall be final and binding on both parties to this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third party as provided above, they shall ask the Provincial Ministry of Labour to appoint a third party. Nothingherein shallpreventthe parties frommutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for jobclassifications under Section 4.03 andtorevisethe rates thereof. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutoryandlegalholidaysshall not be included in any time limits in this Article of the Agreement. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. Where such an employee's grievance is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting atthethird stage of the grievance procedure. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his jobunderterms and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Each part of this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of the Agreement may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure. If the Company has a grievance as defined in Section 8.03, it shall commence at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure by the Hanager - Logging Operations or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the General Manager - Forestry Division, or Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) his representative. days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the above, the timelimitsestablished in this Article may be extended if mutually agreed upon by both parties.

Article XVI There shall be no strike caused, called, or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

Article XVII - Bereavement Pay, The Company agrees to discuss with the Union in each particular operation, ways andmeans of improving conditions for all employees covered by this Agreement and also the interpretation of this Agreement. It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, and recreation. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first aid practices. Thecompany andtheunionagreeto setupandmaintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions andpractices. There willbeatleasttwo (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of chairman shall alternate between a Company chairman and a Union chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate with copies going to the Company office, the Union office and the Camp bulletin board. Amember of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at the regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company, consistent with its policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee toworkalone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his supervisor on a scheduled basis. It is agreedthatthere shall be properly equipped first aid kits sufficient for normal reouirements. located at or near all worksites and in all vehicles or boats'regularly used for the transportation of men. Two (2) employees from each district safety committee will be trained as required under Bill 208. Only factory built vehicles shall be used for the road transportation of men. Same to have adequate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. The Company will provide radio communications on the bus used to transport the employees from the marshalling point to the worksite on the West Branch commuter operation. The Company will provide two-way radios in Drott Feller Buncher and on the Cartier commuter operation when operating within range of the present radio system. In respecttotheRamsey operation, a Company Supervisor will escort the buses travelling to and from the camp and In circumstances where this may not be practical, worksites. any irregularity from normal bus arrival will be immediately investigated. haul TheCompany will instal1C.B. Radios in all West Branch trucks. Refer to Letter of Understanding It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a T.V. set where T.V. programmes are receivable and will provide separate drying rooms, wash rooms, inside toilets and showers. A lock up storage type locker will be provided for each CAMP CONDITIONS - 10.07 - Continued man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36" in width spaced 38" apart. All mattresses shall be either air foam, plastifoam or spring filled. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to constructalllivingquarters into suitable rooms having no more than two (2) employees per room. Thecompany agrees to supply two cleansheets and one clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newly arrived in camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once eachmonth, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all times. The Company agrees that pest control measures will be carried out in the camps and in the camp areas as and when required. The Company will look into possible remedial measures to alleviate the sandfly problem at all camps. All lunch shack screening will be maintained in good repair and pest control equipment made available. All night shiftworkers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical. The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business; All main bunkhouses will be provided with drinking fountains and paper drinking cups. Washroom facilities will be made available to the laundry workers at Ramsey. The Company will install ice machines in the camp at Ramsey and Camp 12. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employee's cars parked in the camp lots. car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. Air conditioning units will be installed in cookeries. Night watchmen - delete clause - current incumbents, are to be protected for as long as they remain watchmen. Ateachoperatingcamp, a separatesuitable and heated building shall be provided for the repair and storage of power saws. said building, also to contain sufficient lock-up type lockers for storage, work bench, vise and chain breaker. Compressed air will be provided in the power saw and repair building. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, beofhighqualityand of sufficientquantity and shall include fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable food stuffs shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. The Company will continue to supply butter at meals to employees. Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers, allowing self service for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual 10. ia arrangements have been made. The preparation of lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for wrapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. At the requestofthe camp Grievance Committee, suitable lunch shacks will be provided where there are concentrations of men. Such shacks to be heated during the period October 1st to April 30th and during the summer months shall have protective screens. The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch shack for year round use. There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon, and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours coffee breaks shall be on Company time. The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons, on loanandother suitableuniformapparelatcost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. Washing machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee owned power saws at full replacement value to a maximum of two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,500.00) and will provide additional free insurancecoverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such tools while on Company property or work sites. It is understoodthatcoverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in adesignated placeof safetywithinthe controlofthe Company. Damage to employee owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire wilfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of employee owned power sawswillbemade at camp levelbetweenthe Company and the Union. Company will agree to implement a weekly pay commencing first week in January, 1989. Discussions will be held with the local union grievance committee to review the procedure we will follow. Pay will be distributed after 4.00 p.m. Thursday. Interim advances will be made only in instances of Should a paid holiday occur on a Friday evident emergency. payday, payment will be made on Thursday of that week. In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employee's payroll credit. A Time and Earnings statementwillbe provided to each employee for each pay period. This statementwillcarry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued vacation pay credit and deductions covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employmentbythecompany ortheemployee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlementwithintwenty-four (24) hours aftersuchtermination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. Thecompanywillprovide each pieceworkerwith a minimum of one (1) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale Slips will be given to each pieceworker at least 48 hours prior to the wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information where applicable - butt size and species as outlined on page 37/38, or number of pieces (tree length), riding and/or walking bonus, footage of strip or main road cut, and poor bush bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a mechanical reoair iob. he will be furnished such tools as are required on loan. Alltools and equipment not returned will be charged for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, as a condition of employment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be providedwith free chain saw files inadditionto other hand tools and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. 1. Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broken condition. One (1) safety type gasoline container One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agreestostock safetytypepower saw chains and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoiced cost to Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free power saw gas and oils. The company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. The Company Eurther agrees to sell to employees safety pants at twelve dollars ($12.00) below costpricetothe Company, effective September 1, 1994 increase safety boots subsidy at twenty dollars ($20.00) per pair to thirty dollars ($30.00) per pair below cost price to the Company and safety gloves and mitts to power saw operators and to persons handling cable, at seven dollars ($7.00) below cost price to the Company. Effective September 1, 1996 increase the boot subsidy from $30.00 per pair to $40.00 per pair. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. The Company agrees to provide free transportation to lo,32 all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority undertheterms of Article XII Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of his intentions to do so and shall be paid 20 cents per km. for using own vehicle. Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding rate per day for pieceworkers and normal travel time, outside an employees scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of 8 hours at the regular straight time rate for dayworkers and the above rate for pieceworkers. Refer to Letter of Understanding - Re. Hours of Work. (3). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage shall receive 50C per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate. (b). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main camp garage required to perform work of their trade away from a main camp garage will be paid 50C per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away from the main camp garage. The Company agrees that the tradesmen assigned to the "Slasher" (Ramsey) will be paid in accordance with 10.33 (b). Cc) * Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in the yard of the main camp garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid 5OC per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard. The Company will supply mechanics, welders, and machinists suitablecoveralls and provide for launderingthesame, two per week, free of charge. See Letter of Intent attached (re. Climatic Controls).

Article XVIII- Jury Duty Allowance, 11.01 (a). The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The workweek for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in day work jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees may be required to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with Section 11.05 (a) for such time worked. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission willnotbeunreasonably withheld. 11.01 (b). For the purpose of this agreement Sunday, a paid holiday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. 11.02 (a). The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 a.m. and 5.00 p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02 (b). Thenightshiftshallconsist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 p.m. and 5.00 a.m., mealtime excepted. However, it is aqreedthaton Fridaystheniqhtshift may, at the requestofthe employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement be scheduled to commence prior to 7.00 p.m. in accordance with the provisions of 11.03 (b). 11.02 (C). Duringtheperiod of May 1 to September 30, two shift scarification operations may commence at 6.00 a.m.. 11.03 (a). Effective September 1, 1991 a night shift differential of fifty-five cents ($.55) per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03 (b). on other two-shift operations the firstshallconsist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after, the second shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commencepriorto 7.00p.m., and shall carry a shift differential of fifty-five cents ($.55) per hour. On a thi-ee-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight 11.03 (c). (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid, shall be as follows. Starting Time (between the hours of) 1st shift 2nd shift 3rd shift Shift 7 a.m. 3 p.m. 11 p.m. - Stopping Time (between the hours of) 8 a.m. 4.p.m. 12 a.m. 3 p*m. 11 p.m. 7 a.m. - 4 p.m, 12 a.m. 8 a.m. Differential 1st Shift, Nil. per hour. 2nd Shift, $.45 per hour. 3rd Shift, $.55 Effective September 1, 1991 1st Shift, Nil. per hour. 2nd Shift, $.55 per hour. 3rd Shift, 5.65 11.03 (d). The hours of work and the "sixth day" for dayworkers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. (see Letter of Understanding). 1. An employeemay not change shifts duringtheweek except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift he shall be paid athis regular straight time rate providedthatthere is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. 2. The Company and the Union agree to extend the starting time interval from the present one hour to a maximum of two hours. The extended interval will only be used where it is beneficial to the operations and the Company will endeavour to keep the starting time interval to one hour or less. 11.03 (e). If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week is required for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive 4 hours' pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05 (a) provided he remains available for the four hour period if sorequested by the Company. 11.04 (a). A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. A tree length pieceworker who will lose more than one hour work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of one (1) hour at the feller, limber, tree length skidding rate, provided he reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate work if so requested by the Company. RAINY DAYS - The company agrees that a decision will be made at the work site upon arrival for work on rainy days. In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment to a cutting area and/or time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel from one assigned cutting area to another, payment shall be made for all hours lost. A day or shift worker who reports for work at his 11.04 (b). scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours' pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work ifsoassigned and commencesregularworkwhen conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04 (a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03 (d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee he may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercisehis seniority within the camp unit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu In neither case may any such employee be of two days notice. permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise his seniority on his return to work. established Notification locally. and reporting procedures shall be 11.05 (a). Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or outside his scheduled shift shall be paid for at the rate of time and onehalf. Double time will be paid after 8 hours of work on an employees designated sixth day (Saturday or Monday) and Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classifications requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. Employees inthe classifications specifiedbelowmay 11.05 (b). be required to work in excess of 8 hours per day or shift and 40hoursper week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of Article XI. (cl * Cook Baker Second (d). Cook Cookee Chore boy Watchman For employees in the job classifications listed above the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be 8 consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the work day or shift of 8 hours may be scheduled in any 12 hour period divided into not more than 2 parts provided there is a break of at least 8 hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of 5 consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess of outside of the scheduled 8 hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time and one-half. If an employee requests to be excused fromworkingovertime, permission willnotbeunreasonably withheld. 3. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond shall be paid for one-half day if he is available his control, at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start of the second half of his scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth day" or Sunday shall be posted on the PrecedingThursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. - an employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the When an employee's shift schedule is Company. changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his originalshifthe will be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work and be paid at time and one-half provided he remains available if so requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of fifty-five cents (55C) per hour for each second shift worked. The present standard of service by chore boys and night watchmen shall be maintained. Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not be considered astimeworked. Walking distance and riding time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the wage schedule of this agreement. An employee, who is called out for work after completing his day or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of the day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (1) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of the day or Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift. shift, the provisions of Section 11.05 (a) shall apply after he hascompletedeight (8) hours of work exclusiveofthetimeworked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05 (b) from the starting time of the call out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours at the rate of time and one-half. The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiencyandability, inpromotions, transfers, layoffs and recalls after layoffs. The present seniority list is frozen as of July 1, 1988 and in future date of hire shall be the basis of calculating seniority. An employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shall accrue seniority while on such leave of absence. An employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six month period. Thereafter Article 12.01 shall apply, and the employee shall be credited with thirty (30) days of accrued seniority. 12.03 (a). Subjecttothememorandumof understanding seniority will be applied on a company-wide basis in recalls, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfertoa job for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with Section 12.04, he advises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on forms to be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer or to be laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled by employees with less senioritythanthose employeesgiven notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other camps for more than (1) week, otherwise the camp willbethe unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. Intransfers fromone jobclassificationto another, 12.03 (b). senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is In case of a temporary change to a lower job transferred. classification, the employee shallretainthe rate of his previous job classification. For determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified the Feller-Limber, Tree Length Skidding shall apply, or the rate of the job classification whichever is higher. Employees accepting a job posting shall remain in that job for a minimum of three (3) months from the date he is qualified unless displaced from that job because of lay-off or bumping procedure. An employeemay post from a campto a commuter operation during the three (3) month period. The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from 12.03 (c). within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards bythecompany for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirements. Employees shall not be considered for such jobs unless they apply in writing within this five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this agreement. Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days in which to qualify (or a further time as may be mutually agreed if additional training is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and the newly created jobs. 12.03 (d). A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on a company-wide basis. The employeewhohad occupied the jobuponhis return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of layoff from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a. copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of layoff as possible. When the approximate time of the recall is known at the time of layoff employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that time. But in any case, notice in writing will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. The Company agrees to submit to the Union office by April 30th of each year, an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this agreement, showing their hiring date following their last break inseniority and the Company seniority in days as specified in Section 12.01, as at March 31st, of the The list will show, in addition, each employee's same year. occupation and address. A list shall be prepared for and be posted in each camp and its contents shall be available to all employees in camps, showing their seniority standing. The list shall be brought up to date at the end of each month. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of this article shall retain such seniority for twenty-four (24) months during layoff. Employees with 5 years or more of continuous service will retain recall rights for a period of thirty-six (36) months following date of lay-off. An employeewhoquits of his own accord or is discharged and not reinstated, or fails to report to work following recall as provided in Section 12.05 of this article shall automatically lose all seniority. An employee who fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified shall lose his seniority unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. Any employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall continue to accrue seniority for a period not exceeding thirty (30) days in any calendar year and will retain the total accrued seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months from the date of promotion or transfer and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisions of this article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. Supervisory personnel who are generally employed on seasonal operations and whohavenotacquired seniority, inaccordancewiththisarticle, may be placed on jobs listed in the bargaining unit during the off season, provided that this does not interfere with the application of seniority of any employee. Such personnel shall apply for Union membership prior to being placed on the job and maintain their Union membership in good standing. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of newmethods and equipment, affectedemployees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with Section 12.01of Article XII to meet the Company's labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively they shall be trained by the Company. When jobs are discontinued, due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs in accordance with Article XII. If an employee requires training to perform the alternate job effectively, he will be trained by the Company, provided the job he has applied to be trained for, is expected to last for a period of three (3) months or more. It is understoodthatthis does notapplyto seasonal layoff. Severance Pay - Effective date of ratification an employee with three (3) or more years of service for whom no job is available because of mechanization, technological changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one week's pay for each year of completed service since the last date of hire. Severancepayshallbe computed onthe basis of forty (40) hours at the employee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employee who chooses to receivethe severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee's name will be removed from the seniority list.

Article XIX The Union shall have the riqhtto nest notices dealina with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the approval of the camp foreman before such posting.

 first of month following date of Effective 14.01 (a). ratification, for each employee who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII the Company agrees to pay the premium for Blue Cross or its equivalent and semi-private hospital care plans. The Company contribution to employees who are off work due to a Workmen's Compensation claim or a Short term disability claim will be continued for a period of up to twelve (12) months. If the Company's contribution exceeds the premiums required for medical, surgical, drug and hospital care plans, the balance will be applied to such other employee benefits as may be agreed upon between the Company and the Union. Pending arrangement between the Company and the Union as to the application of contributions over and above the premiums required, such additional monies will be paid direct to the employee. Effective firstofthemonth following ratification, the Company will continue coverage for the laid-off employee to the end of the month following month of lay-off. Effective date of ratification, the Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of medical certificate required to support a claim for benefits pursuant to the Weekly or Long Term Disability Plans. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of $15.00 per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from the attending physician.

 The Company will provide $50,000 of Life Insurance for each employee while actively employed. The cost to the employee willnotexceed .3OC per $1,000 per month. For employees not actively at work on that date the increase in insurance will become effective on the date he returns to active employment.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of Weekly Indemnity Insurance Plan. The Plan will provide seventy percent (70%) of Weekly earnings forty (40) hours times an employee's regular rate and pieceworkers forty (40) hours times the feller, limber and tree length skidding hourly rate) up to a maximum of four hundred and eighty ($480.00) per week, for an employee who commences weekly indemnity on or after the first of the month following date of ratification. Weekly Indemnity will commence on the first day in case of a noncompensable accident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to sickness or on the date when admitted to a hospital within the first three (3) days of illness and will continue fortheperiodofdisabilityuptoamaximumof fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective Effective Effective Effective September September September September per per per per week week week week The Company will provide a Long Term Disability Plan. The Plan forms part of the agreement and is attached hereto as Appendix "A". The premium cost of the Plan will be borne by the Remove maximum benefit. Company.

 When death occurs to a member of an employee's immediate family, that is an employee's father, mother, wife, husband, brother, sister, children, grandparents, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, and daughter-in-law, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers eight (8) times the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. In the case of death of spouse or children the employee will be granted five (5) days leave with pay. Any claims for bereavement pay will be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family. It is understood that for purposes of this Article step-relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives. In the case of an employee who is called for jury service, or subpoenaed in a court of law the Company shall pay, foreachdayof suchservice, an allowance equaltothe difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time hourly rate (Pieceworkers eight (8) hours pay based on the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance. Effective September 1, 1994, increase the charge for board and lodging to $3.50 per calendar day.

 The Company will provide a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. Eliqibilitv Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. Plan Desiqn (a). Service and benefits as provided in BlueCrossNo. Basic PlanandRider No. (b) . Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No. 2 (50%). Maximum $1,000 per calendar year per person. Effective first of month following date of ratification amend plan to provide for 1992 O.D.A. Schedule fees. Effective September Schedule of fees. 1, 1994 provide for 1993 O.D.A. Effective September 1, 1995 provide for 1994 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective September schedule fees. 1, 1996 provide for 1995 O.D.A. Effectiveseptemberl, schedule fees. Companywillpay 1997, provide for 1996 O.D.A. increase premium for this coverage. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to layoff or leave of absence, but in no case beyond the end of the month following the month in which such absence commenced. Administration The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the Plan design outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers insurance companies or self-administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. Premiums The premium cost of this plan shall be paid by the Company. Inteqration The Planwillnotprovidelike benefitswhere such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. If during the life of this agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 EffectiveJanuaryl, 1991, the Companywillprovide a vision care plan which will provide for expenses incurred by an amountand/or his covered dependents when prescribed by a physician or optometrist as follows. Frames, lenses and the fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses up to a total payment of one hundred dollars ($100.00) per family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar years. Effective September 1, 1996, thebenefitamountwill be increased to one hundred and twenty-five dollars ($125.00) per insured family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar year period. Baker Bodyman Mechanic Classl*Bt' Bodyman Mechanic Class "A" Bullcook or Chore boy Bus Driver Buck Tree Lengths on Landing Bucker, Piler, Tree Length Skidding Car Man Carpenter (Qualified) Chokerman, Tree Length Skidding Cook (l-20 Men) Cook (20 Men or Over) Cook, Second Coakee Electrician Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding Fire Patrol Man Handyman Helper, Bulldozer, or Tractor Helper, Power Grader Helper, Mechanic Helper, Class "A" Mechanic Jackhammer Driller Labourer Machinist Class "B" Machinist Class "A" Mechanic, II Mechanic, I Mechanic, Class "A" Mechanic, Class "A" 1 Mechanic, Lead Operator, Bulldozer "B1@ Operator, Bulldozer "A" Operator, Compressor Operator, Crane Operator, Drott Feller Buncher Operator, Front End & Overhead Loader Operator, Machine Night Warm-up Operator, Mechanical Skidder Wheel Type Operator, Power Grader Operator, Power Saw Non-Productive Operator, Prentice Operator, Ramsey Central Slasher Operator, Slasher Operator, Slasher Deck Operator, Tree Harvester - Continued Powder Man Slasher Serviceman Timberman, ExDerience Truck Driver,'Single Axle, Haul on Body Truck Driver, Tandem Axle, Haulino Trailer Truck D;iver, Hauling Trailer (over 102" in width) Truck Driver, Tandem Axle, Body Haul, Other Truck Driver. Float Truck Driver; Self Loading Truck Driver, Tree Length Self Loading Truck Driver, Supply Truck Truck Driver, Hauling Multiple Trailer Tree Planter, New Hire Tree Planter, Transfer Watchman, Camp Watchman. Niahtman Welder, Helper Welder, Helper Class "A" Welder II Welder I Welder Class "A" Welder, Lead Wheel Skidder Crew, Felling and Skidding L/sr Crew Leader - . 35 per hour plus regular daily rate. Hourly Rates - Adjustments - Reflected in wage schedule. An employee who is assigned to train another employee shall be paid his regular rate plus thirty cents (3OC) per hour during the training assignment. Pieceworkers shall be paid at the feller-limber rate plus thirty cents (30C) per hour. It is agreed that incentives may be applied in conjunctionwiththe above daily rates which pertaintomechanical operations. A day worker using power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of Effective date of ratification, $11.00 per 8 hour day or shift when felling and limbing. Effective date of ratification, $11.00 per 8 hour day or shift when felling and limbing. Effective date of ratification, $12.00 per 8 hour day or shift when bucking at a landing on a skidding operation. If he is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control he will be paid one-half day's rental when he works less than four (4) hours and a full day's rental when he works more than four (4) hours. -era1 Waae Increase (Reflected in wage schedule) Increase all hourly rates. Effective September 1, 1994 increase all hourly daily wage rates by 1.0% per hour. Effective September 1, 1995 increase all hourly daily wage rates by 1.5% per hour. Effective September 1, 1996 - to be negotiated. Effective September 1, 1997 - to be negotiated. Effective January 1, schedule 1995 delete hourly rates from the wage Effective September 1, 1978 a supplement of seventy-three cents ($.73) per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. PIECEWORK RATES - Cutting and Piling Rough Spruce & Balsam Peeled Spruce & Balsam Rough Poplar Peeled Poplar Rough Jack Pine If the cutter is required to pile two species separately, an additional twelve cents (12c) per cord will be paid on all wood separated. For Strip cutters, a bonus of $1.64 per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip running under 12 cords per acre, and on such portions of strip less than 660 feet in length. For strip cutters, a bonus of $2.73 per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip running under 7 cords per acre, and on such portion of strips less than 660 feet in length. Cut and Skid Tree Lenqth Rates. per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as per attached schedule. The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. No cutting bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. Supplement of seventy-three cents (.73C) per hour will be paid in accordance with Article XII-B. Measurement Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Buttdiameterto be clearly marked on each butt by the scaler. Crew Size The number of employees in each cut and skid crew shall not exceed 2 employees at any time. Skiddinq Distance Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 ft. for a three (3) man crew skidding tree length. Skidding distance shall not exceed 900 ft. for a two (2) man crew skidding tree lengthor full tree when skidwayplacement not adjacent to a road. Skidding distance shall not exceed 1,200 feet for a two (2) man crew skidding tree length or whole tree to a road. Sortins Bonus When at Company request, the crew is required to sort wood 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. Walkinq and Ridinq Time Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with Section F of the Wage Schedule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). Skidway Preoaration Where skidway sites are prepared by the crew, 5% of base earnings will be paid. SEPT. l/95 1s Lb.136 SEPT.l/P SEPT. l/93 SEPT. l/95 Cutting fuelwood per face cord split 4' x 8' x 22" - 30" Sept. 22" - 30" Poplar Jack Pine L Tamarack 22" - 30" Birch 22" - 30" Cutting in Camp Yard Where a day workers travelling time from camp to working place is comprised of riding and/or walking time, he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half hour each way at his regular rate of pay. Where a pieceworker's travelling time from camp to working place is comprised of riding and/orwalkingtime, he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half hour each way at the feller, limber rate. (3.) For the purpose of this agreement, it is agreed that pieceworkers and day workers will walk at the rate of 3 miles per hour. For the purpose of this agreement a stacked cord of eight foot (8') rough pulpwood shall be 50" x 100" x 4'; a stacked cord of peeled pulpwood shall be 100" x 46" x 4'. Rate per cord Blankets Sheets Aprons Pillow Cases Towels Laundry Bags Bed Spreads White Trousers The Company agrees to remit to laundry workers all payrolled laundry deductions from the area serviced by such laundry. The Company and the Union agree that commuter operations shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. Commuters are employees who. (a.) Areresidentwithinreasonableridingand/orwalking distance of the area of operations, and (b.) Who are not provided board and lodging by the Company. (a.) An employee who is not a resident within reasonable riding and/or walking distance on a commuter operation, whoexerciseshis seniorityinaccordance with Article XII on this operation, shall receive. Effective date of ratification $9.47 per day Effective September 1, 1991 $9.94 per day Effective September 1, 1992 $10.47 per day In lieu of being provided board and lodging in a camp for each day that he is available for work as per his scheduled work week (including overtime days). He shall continue to receive the commuter allowance for the term of the agreement or until such time that. (i.) He returns in accordance with the provision of Article XII, Seniority, to employment in a camp where board and lodging is made available to him. If an employee, who is not a resident within reasonable riding and/or walking distance of a commuter operation, elects not to fill a job vacancy of equal or greater status in a camp operation, or on a commuter operation of which he is a resident, and which he is qualified in accordance with Article XII to occupy, he will forfeit the commuter allowance as per

 he continues to be employed on this commuter operation, Ib.) (ii.) He has established himself as a resident of the particular commuter operation. (iii.) He is laid off in accordance with the provisions of Article XII, Seniority. A new employee who is not a resident and who is hired to work in a commuting operation, shall receive $9.47 per day effective date of ratification, $9.94 per day effective September 1, 1991, $10.47 per day effective September 1, 1992 in lieu of providing board and lodging in camp for each day that he is available for work as per his scheduled work week (including overtime days) up to 100 days or until such time that. (i.) He is employed in accordance with the provisionof Article XII, Seniority, in a camp where board and lodging is made available to him. If an employee, who is not a resident within reasonable riding and/orwalkingdistance of a commuter operation, elects not to fill a job vacancy of equal or greater status in a camp operation, or on a commuter operation of which he is a resident and which he is qualified in accordance with Article XII to occupy, he will forfeitthecommuter allowance as per Article 2 (a.) above, for the remaining period he continues to be employed on this commuter operation. (ii.) He has established himself as a resident of that particular commuting area of operations. (iii.) He is laid off in accordance with the provisions of Article XII, Seniority. Anemployee froma campoperation, or fromacommuter operation which he is a resident, exercising his seniority to a jobof equal status in accordancewith

 a nonresident of a commuter operation, will not be eligible for the commuter allowance as of September 1, 1984 as per Article 2 (a.) above. 3. (a.) will arrange to p r o v i d e free The company transportation from a designated marshalling point or points, to and from the parking site or sites in the operating areas. (b.) Time spentbypieceworkers or dayworkerstravelling on the Company transportation vehicle from a marshalling point to a parking site plus time spent walking from the parking site to place of work, in excess of one-half hour each way shall be paid for on the following basis. (a.) Dayworkers at their regular rate of pay. (b. I Pieceworkers at the feller-limber rate. (c.) Pieceworkers shall be paid in accordance with subsections 1, 2 and 3 of III Walking Distance and Riding Time. Walking time based on the rate of one-quarter of amile equals five (5) minutes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling time so computed shall be credited not less than once each month. Marshallinq Points West Branch Commuter - Marshalling point as presently established. Sultan Commuter - Marshalling point will be at present location - Company gate south of Sultan. The Company will arrange to provide free transportation from Sultan. A central departure point in the town of Sultan will be established locally. Gogama Commuter - Marshalling point to he the junction of Highways 144 and 560. The Company will arrange to provide free transportation from Gogama. A central departure point in the town of Gogama will be established locally. Cartier Commuter (a.) For operations North of Benny the Marshalling pointwillbe Benny. The Company will arrange to provide transportation from Cartier. A central departure point inthetown of Cartier will be established locally. (b.) Foroperations Southof Benny, theMarshalling point will be the central departure point established in (a.). TheCompanywill arrange to provide transportation from Benny to the marshalling point. Number of Persons Eatinq m Second Cook Cookee For every 25-man increase in camp, one extra person will be provided. It is agreed that this schedule may be changed by mutual consent during the term of this Agreement when labour saving devicesorother factorsreducingthe work are introduced. The Company agrees that shift workers shall be served at least two (2) hot meals per day in addition to any hot lunches. Three-shift operation. where more than 10 men and less than 20 men are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned. Where 20 men or more are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned and a second cook will be added to the cookery schedule, and assigned with the cookee at night. Atravelallowance willbepaid for each week of active employment for all employees who have established seniority. Effective the week following ratification increase weekly rates by 6% - ($13.42) and effective September 1, 1991 increase weekly rates by 6% - ($14.23) and effective September 1, 1992 increase weekly rates by 6% - ($15.08). Allowances willnotbe paid to any employee where transportation is provided from a designated marshalling point to a recognized commuter operation. The allowancewillnotbepaid for any fullweekthatthe employee is not at work. Where any employee is at work for only part of the week, he will receive the full allowance. Allowances for new camps shall be relative to the foregoing when such camps become operational. Apprenticeship openings will be filled in accordance with (Job Postings). the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) Employees who meet the educational level specified by the apprenticeship act will qualify. There will be a probationary period of up to thirty (30) working days prior to entering into an apprenticeship agreement, during which time the employee may return, or failing to display the necessary mechanical aptitude be returned to his former job without loss of seniority. Any apprentice who fails to satisfactorily complete the Ontario Apprentice Programme may be retained in his classification and allowed to progress to Mechanic I without prejudice. Once an employee enters an apprenticeship contract, it is expected he will continue to fulfil the obligations of the contract, including necessary training periods in a vocational school. The apprenticemay receive aweeklytraining allowance from the government while attending a Trade School Course. The Company will supplement this Allowance to provide the apprentice with a total weekly income equal to forty (40) times his regular hourly rate of pay. Calculation of the Company's portion will be based on the government allowance for an apprentice who is able to live at home while attending the Trade School. If the apprentice is required to live away from home in order to attend a Trade School he will receive the Company pay supplement referred to above in addition to any increased allowance paid by the government to an apprentice living away from home while attending school. An apprentice's entitlement to Vacation with Pay, Paid Holiday Pay, Weekly Indemnity, Funeral and Bereavement Leave will not be affected by his attendance at a Trade School, nor will his participation in any employee welfare plans in which he is enroled. Providing a Tradesman has completed the time in the trade necessary to write for a Provincial Trade Certificate, he may write for such certificate and receive the "A" rate immediately following his course of studies and notification that a Trade Certificate will be issued. TRADE APPRENTICE PROGRAMME - Continued If an apprentice is entitled to a reduction in the term of his apprenticeshipbecause of academic achievement he shall enter his apprenticeship at the proper category as per the Job Description. Helper Required to work as an assistant to other mechanics as assigned. Shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class "Al'. A helper will commence to accumulate common mechanical tools. In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at anytime during this period be placed in other suitable employment. Helper Class "A" He shall under the direction of mechanics of a higher classification work on all types of equipment used on woods operations; shall be capable of performing the following jobs independently. tire repair, wash jobs, greasing and oiling service. A helper entering the trade at this level will commence to accumulate common mechanical tools. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Mechanic II. In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall be capable under direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. It is expected that eligible personnel shall put forth every effort to obtain a Provincial Trade Certificate. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. I. - Continued He will be required to direct assistants working under him and must assume full responsibility forallworkperformed byhimself or his assistants. Where a present mechanic or a person subsequently hired has no certificate but has special training and/or is assigned on only one type of equipmenthewillautomatically beratedas a Mechanic He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. He will be required to direct assistants working under him and must assume full responsibility for all work performedbyhimself or his assistants. He must be in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate recommended by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. Mechanics presently employed in this classification will not be required to have a Certificate. In addition to fulfillinqallofthe qualifications of a Mechanic Class "A" and being in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate he shall have an advanced theoretical and practical training in equipment subsystems or be in possession of both a motor vehicle mechanic certificate and a heavy duty equipment mechanic certificate recognized by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. A Mechanic Lead is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualifications set out under Mechanic Class "A" and in addition shall be capable of leading other mechanics. Mechanics presently employed in this category are not required to have a Provincial Trade Certificate. Helper. Required to work as an assistanttowelders as assigned. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class "A". In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at ar.y time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. Helper Class "A". He shall be capableunderdirection ofperformingthe following. Oxyacetylene and electrical welding in flat position with opportunity of working in other positions. Cutting, soldering and brazing. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Welder II. In the eventthathe fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall be capable under direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall also have an understanding of types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. Shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned tohimin an efficientmanner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall be capable of performing both types of welding in all positions with all metals used on woods operations. He must assume responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall have an understanding of types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. He shall be proficient in both types of welding in all positions with all metals used on woods operations. WELDER CLASS "A" - Continued He must be able to fabricate from a blueprint. He must assume responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He must be in possession of the necessary trade certificate, Welders presently employed in this classification will not be required to have a trade certificate. A Welder Lead is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualification set out under Welder Class "A" and in addition shall be capable of leading other welders. Welders presently employed in this category are not required to have a trade certificate. Tradesmen will furnish all hand tools common to the trade. Mechanics will furnish spanners up to l$ opening, sockets up to and including $" drive and If" opening, adjustable wrenches up to 18 I' in length, hammers, chisels, punches and screwdrivers. The Company agrees to replace any personal tools broken in service providedthatsuch broken tools are returned. The Company agrees to provide tools to tradesmen at cost. The Company will provide on loan any special tools including power driven tools, testing and measuring instruments and gauges, pullers, sockets over $1' drive, spanners over 1%" opening. In the event that the common tools of tradesmen are required to be in metric measurements such tools shall be provided on loan by the Company. Once each year during the month of November, a group which is comprised of the Divisional Mechanical Superintendent, Mechanical Supervisors and two qualified representatives of the Union will determine by review whether helpers and tradesmen qualify for upgrading. If in the interim, upgrading is necessary, it will be done by the Divisional Mechanical Superintendent and Mechanical Supervisor. The Company will provide and administer a non contributory pension plan for all hourly-rated Forestry employees with 1 year continuous service (165 days). Normal retirement will be the first day of month following attainment of age 65. An employee with 10 years of Company service can elect to retire at age 55 howeverthemonthlypayments will be actuarially reduced. The cost of the plan will be paid by the Company. EffectiveJanuary 1, 1994 amend current pension plan to provide for a monthly b.enefitequaltoTwenty ($20.00) dollars times years of continuous service for all past and future service. Early Retirement Reduction Factors EffectiveJanuary 1994, those employees with ten (10) years of Company service can retire between the age of 60 and 65 with a 5% reduction in their pension for each year they retire prior to age 65 as noted in the table below. % or Pension Pavable Guaranteed Payments If a retired employee's death occurs before he has received 60 monthly payments of retirement income under the plan, his retirement income payments will continue to be paid to his beneficiary until the remainder of the 60 monthly payments has been paid from the trust fund. Surviving Spouse Pension If a married employee with 10 years of continuous service with the Company, who qualifies for early retirement after age 55 and before age 65, dies before his retirement date the employee's surviving spousewillreceive 60% of the earned pension allowance for the life of the surviving spouse, commencing on the first dayofthemonth followingdate ofdeath. If the surviving spouse is more than 10 years younger than the deceased employee, the monthly pension would be actuarially reduced. Disabilitv Benefit An employee with at least 10 years of continuous service who has attained age 55, has qualified for disability benefits under the CPP/QPP and is totally and permanently disabled Yillbe eligible for a monthly disability pension without actuarial reduction. Suoolemental Plan Effective first of month following ratification, for each employee who contributes $55.00 per month, the Company will contribute an equal amount of $55.00 per month. Vesting rights - after 1 year. Minimum 1 year continuous service. cost and administering of the responsibility of the Company. plan will be the Effective first of month following date of ratification (February 26, 1991) Employees who are off work due to a Workers' Compensation or a Weekly Indemnity claim for a period of up to twelve (12) months can continue to contribute $55.00/month towards the Supplementary Pension Plan. Supplemental Plan Effective January 1, 1995, the current supplemental plan as outlined in the current Collective Agreement will become compulsory for all employees on the seniority list at that time provided they have one (1) year of continuous service. The obligation to join the Supplement Plan will remain voluntary for those employees who are 55 years of age and over as of the date of ratification of this Memorandum of Agreement. Special Retirement Allowance For those employees retiring between the age of 60 and 65, a special one (1) time retirement allowance will be paid based on the following formula. $1,000 per year of service up to a maximum of $25,000. This maximum will decline by $2500 per year until 1998 at which time itwillbe $15,000. This special Retirement Allowance will end with those employees retiring in 1998. $1,000 per year of Service Employee Retiring Between the aqe of 60 and 65 up to a Maximum benefit of The parties agree that joint information sessions on the Supplemental Plan and the Flat Benefit Pension Plan will be arranged as soon as possible following the ratification of the 1993-1998 Collective Agreement. Signed at Sudbury, Ontario this 17th day of April, 1994 C. Seguin B. B. Robinson J.Umay &Ta A. Mantha (Hereinafter referred to ae the "Company") (Hereinafter referred to as the "Union") Signed on the 18th day of January, 1979. The Company and the Union agree that where it is necessary for the Company to increase its work force of employees listed on the seniority list for the sole purpose of carrying out seasonal silviculture work, (reforestation) the Company may hire additional employees to perform seasonal silviculture work under the provisions of the collective Agreement and as amended by this Addendum for such seasonal employees.

 (a). The employees hired to perform seasonal silviculture work shall not be required to make an application to become a member of the Union while they remain employed at such work. /b), The Company shall put these employees on check-off at the time of hire and deduct the Union's monthly membership dues from monies due them and remit same to the Union office monthly, accompanied with the list of said employees.

 For each aforesaid employees, Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid at the rate of 4% of his gross earnings and the total accrued amount of credits shall be paid by cheque to each employee at the time of termination or layoff from such seasonal employment. (a) *

 For such aforesaid employees who qualify under section shall be paid without the performance of work for the holidays listed in 7.01 excluding floating holidays. The employee must have worked the last scheduled shift before, and the first scheduled shift after the holiday, except when the employee is absent due to a confirmed illness or accident, in which case the employee shall be paid. Employees absent due to a confirmed illness or accident shall only be entitled to one holiday after the start of such absence. (b) . The provisions set out in Sections 7.04 (b), 1.04 (c), 7.04 (d), 7.04 (e), 7.04 (f) and 7.05 are not applicable.

 Where silvicultural work is to be carried out in isolated areas from camps and such areas are not accessible from communities on a daily commuter basis, the Company may set up suitable temporary camps to accommodate such said Employees while so engaged.

 (a). The Company recognizes the principle of seniority for the aforesaid employees. Seniority will govern, subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability in promotions, transfers, layoff and rehires. Seniority will govern on a camp basis. (b) . Employment of any new employee shall be considered probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six month period. A separate seniority list shall be established and maintained of the aforesaid employees, which will show the accumulated work days plus paid holidays of each employee while so employed. This shall be referred to as the silvicultural seniority list. Cd). An employee, on the silvicultural seniority list, hired on other production operations will be required to complete a further thirty (30) day probationary period in accordance with Section Upon completion, his silvicultural seniority from the last date of hire shall be transferred to the seniority list as established and maintained under

 The provisions set out under.

 care Plans,

 - Life Insurance,

 - Weekly Indemnity,

 - Dental Care Plan and