ARTICLE III · llECOGNIDON- JlJRISDICDON The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Ccmpaay and the Union the fnll benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions and living conditions as specified in Article X of this agreement, and to ensure to the utllost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protectioa of property. This Agreement, llOreOVer, seeks to provide for fair and peacefnl adjustllents of disputes. It is recognized as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate .flllly, individually and collectively, for the advance•ent of the conditions set forth herein. The use of uscul ine gender considered also to include the feminine. in this Agree11e11t shal I be

ARTICLE IX - NO STRIKE • NO LOCKOur The Company and the Union agree one with the other that they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September I , 1990 to A1!J!USt 31, 1993.• inclusive, and from year to -year UiereaTter· unless ' eittfer partydesires to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or teraination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September !st• of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the unner provided above shall notify the other party, in writing, as to the changes desired.

ARTICLE X • WOllING AND LIVING CONDITIONS 3.01 (a) The Collpany recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its e11ployees who are engaged in woods operations on the li•its, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement. including those who are employed on job classifications which 11ay he established and hecoae part of the attached wage schedule daring the teno of this Agreement. 3 . 0 I ( b) The ell)lloyees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of contractors and/or the contractors who are engaged to perfono occasional special services not co-ly perfonoed by ell)lloyees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged for the plllllOSe of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bonnd by an Agreement with a union or unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. 3.0J {c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Coll)lany and the Ministry of Natoral Resources, and produces forest products for the Co11J18Dy or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall uot perfono work which would nor11ally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instractiag employees and in cases of emergency which involves physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations sha'.1 uot be interropted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that 11ay arise between the Union and any other union. Questions of jorisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering sach 1111tters in accordance with the provisions of the Laboor Relations Act of Ontario.

ARTICLE XI - BOUllS OF f!ORK The wage schedule is attached hereto and forms a part of this Agreement. I f daring the life of this Agreement a significant change in job content occors in any job classification listed in the attached Wage Schedule, the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement the matter 11ay be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to he 11ade in operating aethods, including 11ajor alterations in established work patteros requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the COllpBDy will give the Union at least thirty (30) days advance notice in writing. During the 30-day period prior to the implementation of snch changes, npon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss snch changes. For the new job classifications the CollpaDy shall set teaporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for si•ilar and/or related occupations in the wage schedule of' the negotiating companies. Following the implementation of' such changes, negotiations f'or rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall c-ence without delay. Af"ter agreement is reached such rates shall became part of' the attached Wage Schednle. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) days of' the ef'f'ective date of' the chanoe or alteration. the utter rnav be ref'erred to Stage 3 of' the Grievance Procedure. The 30-day period uy be extended by 1111tnal consent of' the parties. New rates, when established, shall be retroactive to the date of' establishment of' the new classifications. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of' the attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not change the •ethod of' payment for such job classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if' such a change adversely affects the average earnings of' the e11ployees concerned.

ARTICLE Xll · SENIORITY The Company agrees that it is in favour of' its eaployees covered by this Agreement becoming •embers of' the llnion and will f'acilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinaf'ter provided. 5.02(a) Any employee wbo is now a •ember in good standing or who ' becomes or is reinstated as a llellber of' the Union shall, as a condition of' continued employment, uintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of' this Agree•ent. In the event of' the llnion intending to suspend a •ember, the Company shall be notified in writ'ing at least seven (7) days before such snspensinn. 5.02(b) Non-union persons hired by the Company af'ter notifying the Union Office of' the reqnirements and no Union llellbers are available wbo are qualified, shall not be ballped by Union lll!llbers when they become available. 5.02(c) Hhen hiring employees the Company will give pref'erence to Union •embers who apply and who are capable of' doing the work required of' thea. The Company shall, af'ter complying with Article XII, advise the llnion from time to time of' the Company's labour reqnireaents. The Company shall f'urnish the llninn Office and the llnion Steward with a list of' new employees arriving in camp each week. The Union agrees to reinstate an employee who has been snspended only for non-payment of' Union dues during a layoff upon such an e"'Ployee being recalled in accordance with Article DI. S. 02 (d) New err,p 1oyees shall make application to join the Union when first approached to do so hy a duly authorized Union Steward, Official or Representative. 'The Company shall upon hiring advise all new employees by letter, with a copy to the Union Steward, to report to the Steward within ten (10) days of c«immencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for i-ediate teraination of e11ployment. 5.02(e) The CollpaDy shall put employees on check-off at the tiae of hire or return to work and deduct the Union's monthly aeabership dnes froa aonies due hi•. The Coapany agrees for an individual employee who is a member of the Union or beco•es a mellber, to deduct upon his written request union initiation fees and/or aonthly llellbership dues from monies due bi•. The deduction authorization shall be transferred froa caap to caap during the coarse of bis eaployaent. Remittances of all deductions shall be sent to the Local Union; said reaittances to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order (first letter only) in duplicate, of naaes, with at least one Christian name and amounts hy camps. The Coapany will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, hut no later than the end of the following aonth. The shall include on each e11Ployee's incime tax slip (T-4) the amount o Union dues deducted in the calendar year. Co.pan'/ Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business as it pertains to the Company's operations and shall report to the Camp Foreman or clerk on arrival at camp. Credentials carried by the Union representatives shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Local Union. Said representative to be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Coapany premises at the prevailiag contract rate. The Local Union shall famish the Coapany with a list of Local Officers and Representatives, and shall amend these lists as changes occur. The Coapany 1·1i 11 furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union Office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Coapany supervisors.

Section 6.03, as at December 31st of" the prior year. 6. 0 l (a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee hy cheque to be issued at the tiae of' termination of' eaployaent or, at the employee's option, at the tiae of lay-off, or when vacation is taken. 6.01 (b) Each 2% increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (I) week of time-off. An employee who has worked continuously for one (I) year, mast take his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. An employee has the right to take his run entitlement to time-off, whether or not he has worked continnoasly for one (I) year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. Vacation )l'ith Pay credits shall be paid on the following hasis. (a) ~% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. (b) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more bnt less than 2,000 days. l •( c) 8% or gross earnings for employees who have worked 2, 000 days or more hot less than 4,000 days. (d) 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4, 000 days or more hnt less than 5,400 days. i; t .1t. . ;'II ,r·.\ I'-/i ,·I i t, , I {e) 12% of gross earnings for employees who have worked more than 5,400 days. (f) Supplementary Vacation with Pay F.mployees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year io which they attain. Age Age Age Age Age week ( 2% of gross weeks( 4% of gross weeks ( 6% of gross weeks ( 8% or gross weeks (I 0% or gross earnings) earnings) earnings) earnings) earnings) Days worked for the purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, pins working days which normally - I d have been worked hot were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist or chiropractor, and all days on temporary leave of absence on Union business, or on off-the-job training, vacation, Holidays with pay, jnry duty, snhpoenaed witness and bereavement leave. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article III shall retain his accanlation of days for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

ARTICLE XIII - BtJLLETIN BOARDS ~llTH F.mployees who qualify under Section l 2. 02 shall be paid withont the performance of work for the following holidays. New Year's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Canada Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Tbanksgi ving Day, Reaellbrance Day, Cbristllas Day and Boxing Day. ~hen .iny of' the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed ou the preceding Friday, and if' the holiday f'al ls on Sunday, it wi 11 be observed ou the following Mouday. F.mployees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (l20); days worked, as specif'ied in Section 6.03, will be granted two '(2, floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. -An employee who by reasoo of' lay-off is preveoted f'rOll taking bis floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of' such holidays. 7. 02 (a) An emp 1oyee, who qualif'ies under Section 12. 02, who works any of' the available work days within the thirty (30) day period irr111ediately prior to the holiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday and is ready for work on the morning of' the secood (2nd) day af'ter the holiday, unless his retnrn to work on time is preveoted by circ1111Stances beyond bis control , shall receive pay for the holiday unless be quits daring the thirty (30) day period imiediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the holiday and is ready f'or work f'or the second clay following the holiday, shall make reasonable arrange11eots with the Company prior to 'leaving, unless other arrange11eDts have heeo agreed to between the Cmipaay and Uniou either at Cup level or at Managl!lleDt level. 7.02(b) If' an e11ployee, who qualifies under Section 12.02 and who works any of' the available work days within the thirty (30) days immediateiy prior to the holiday, is ou authorized leave of abseoce other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay f'or the first holiday that occurs during bis absence, provided he returns to work oo time, unless his return to work on time is prevented by cirC1111Stances beyoud bis control. 7. 02 ( c) An employee, who qualifies under Sectioo 12. 02, who is obliged to cease work due to a lay-off during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, shall receive holiday pay f'or the holiday{s) within such 30 day period. 7.02(d) An e11ployee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitiooer during the tweoty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 21 day period. 7. 02 ( e} If an employee who qualifies under Section I 2. 02 is recalled and works any time during the I 4 calendar day period imiediately followiog the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. An employee who qualifies onder Section 12.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. 7.02{f) A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for Christllas, in which event such an employee will receive pay for the holidays provided he returns on tiae. Any request for such leave of absence must be ude to the Camp Foreman no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by cirCU11Stances beyond bis control fro11 returning to work on time, be shall be paid for the holidays. 7.04(a} If qualified, a pieceworker will be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding) for the holiday, and a dayworker shall be paid a day's pay at bis or her regular rate for the holiday. A day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate for the first eight (8) hours of work and at the-rate of double time after eight (8) hours of work, and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. 7.04{b} 7 .04{c) A pieceworker who is requested to work on a holiday shall receive his earnings plus one-half day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate and, if qualified, shall receive in addition one day at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

ARTICLE XV - LIFE INSUllANCE It is the nutua1 desire of the parties hereto that complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible. To this end it is agreed that periodic meetings will be held between the Company and the Union to discuss the interpretation and administration of this Agreement. 8.0J(a) It is agreed that no grievance shall be processed which nsurps the rights of Manage11e11t. 8.0l(b) 8.0J(c) It is generally understood that an employee has no grievance until he has given bis Foreman an opportunity to adjnst his coaplaint. This may be done during working hours. The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each ca11p, by the aeabers therein, of a Union Grievance Commit tee of three (3), headed by a Union Steward who shall act as 8.02(a} spokesman for the c-ittee. lo the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee' as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance C-ittee iu the ca11p wi II notify the foreman iu writing as to the lllllles of the Union Steward and the aellbers of the Union Grievance Coaaittee elected and the foreaan will acknowledge iu writing the receipt of such notice. The Coapany foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Uuiou Steward or the Uuiou Grievance Co1111ittee until such time as this procedure is carried oot. 8. 02 ( b) it is agreed that there shall be uo discriaiuation exercised iu any aanner towards the Stewards or Uuiou Grievance Coamittee men. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreeaeut is defined to be any differences between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, adainistratiou or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above aay be taken by the eaployee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the eaployee's iaaediate supervisor for adjustaent outside of working hours. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance sui.itted to the foreman, in accordance with this procedure, in writing, will be disposed of by the foreman in writing. Where a grievance bas been sui.itted in writing, it will be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shal 1 be taken up by the Union Grievance Co1111ittee and/or Union Representative with the Division Manager within uinety-six (96) hours, iu writing, ou fol'llS 'to be supplied by the Union. The Division llauager shall aake a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjastaent, then, STAGE 3 - The aatter shall be taken up by the Officers of the Local Union and/or their representatives with the Woods Manager of the Coapany or bis representatives. Failing a settlement within se'ven ( 7) days, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred to the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or bis representative and a Union Collllittee accompanied by the Union's President or bis representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, theu, STAGE 5 - Either party aay, within the following fifteen ( 15) days, refer the utter to arbitration. A grievance arising frDll a claim by an employee that bis discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the teras of this Agreement, aust be dealt with iu writing by both parties, and aust be presented to the Coapany not later than tea ( 10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. When such an eaployee's grievance is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it 11USt be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance l!rocedore. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the l.ollpany will iaediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-fonr (24) boors. Io the event that an e"'Ployee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or snspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terllS and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Grievances which involve C011paoy policy in respect to inter8.06 pretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed c01111encing at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure. I f the Collpany bas a grievance as defined in Section 8.03 it shall cmmeoce at Stage 3 of this Grievance Procedure by the Woods Manager or his representative presenting the utter ia writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the utter shall be referred to the President of the Unicm nr bis representative by the Vice-President, Woodlands of the Company or bis representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party uy within the following fifteen ( 15) days refer the utter to Arbitration. In arbitration the CollPBDY and the Union shall each select one (I) llBD; these two shall select a third ll8D who shall act as ChairllBD. Either party shall appoint its n011inee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party's n•ination. 'lids Arbitration Board shall convene and render a decisicm prmptly and snch decision shal 1 be final and binding on both parties of this Agreellent. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third ll8D as provided above, they shall ask the provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third llBD. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties frOll -tually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising oat of discipline or discharge. It is nnderstood that the function of the Arbitration loard shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as sat.itted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power 'to consider adjnstllents to individual job classifications under Section 4 .02 and rates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The Arbitration Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjnstllellts. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the board. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutory and Legal Holidays shall not be included iu any ti•e limits in this Article of the Agreement,

ARTICLE XVIII - JVRY DUTY/SUBPOEtlAED WITNESS ALLOWANCE 9. 0 l There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Union or its 8ellbers, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

ARTICLE XX • R[T]REMEflT INCOME PIAN It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall co-operate collectively in improving safety and first-aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a .i.Q.i__nt .. ~afety com1n_i_ttee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There-will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. Tbe position of the Chairman shall alternate between a Compan;,. Co-Chairman and a Union Co-Chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate • copies going to the Company Office, the Union Office, and the Cup Bulletin Board. _,.. i. ·-& A •ember of the eo-ittee is entitled to such ti•e from his · work as is necessary to attend •eetings of the to-ittee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work ti•e, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or pre•inm rate as may be proper. The Company agrees will also maintain good and agrees that there shall be a First Aid !Ian to have proper that it will maintain good work trails, and safe transportation practices, and further qualified First Aid Man in each camp, such visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid Kits and 2-way radios at or near work sites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportation of •en. J0.03(a) All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36 inches in width, spaced at least 38 inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airfoam, p1astifoam, or spring filled mattresses. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than one (I) employee per rOOll. Tbe Company agrees to supply two (?.) clean sheets and one (I) clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean betiding will be supplied to employees newly arrived at camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality arid in a serviceable condition at all times. I0.03{b) It is agreed that the Coapany will maintain good conditions in Ellployees living and service qnarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Collpany will continne to provide i11J1roved CllllJI facilities, including recreational rooms with a 1V set where 1V progrus are receivahle, and will provide separate drying l'OOllS, washrocms, inside toilets, showers and lannclry washing and drying machines. A f.V. Satellite Dish will be installed at a11 year-round live-in CBllJIS· A lockup storage type locker will he provided for each llaD in his hunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will he provided f'or catering staff's. resoect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees' cars parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided f'or employees in all auips. I0.03{c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the hankhoase. l 0. 03 ( d) The Company agrees that fly control llellBUJ'eS shall he carried out at regular intervals during the summer operating season and caap pest control as required. J0.03{e) Night watclmen shall be employed in all major operating CllllJIS daring the heating season unless an Underwriter approved f'ire detectinn and fire warning syste11 is 'installed. l 0. 03 ( f) All night shif't workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shif't workers, where practical and as arranged on a hasis hy majority vote. ./-i'rl,mp ·;,;·cAMP FEEDING 1 " ·I 0. 04 {a) Refrigeration will he provided for all perishahle food, as required, in all operating callJIS. All perishahle f'oods shall he handled in a sanitary manner daring transportation at all times. Food served to the employees in the C8llJIS shall, at all times, he of' high quality and of' sufficient quantity and sha 11 include, f'resh fruits, vegetahles and greens. l0.04(b) Butter shall he supplied on the tahles at all meals and on cof'f'ee tahles and shall not he aixed with any substitute. Margarine will he aade availahle to employees on request. 10.04(c.) Fruit juices shall he supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self' service, for consuaptioa at the tahle. Fresh ailk shall he supplied at all aeals and cof'f'ee tiaes in the cookery. J0.04{d) Each 11aD shall pack his own lunch, unless other autual arrangements have heen aade. The preparation of' lunches shall he supervised. Waxed paper shall he supplied for the wrapping of' lunches. 1unch tahle shall include a variety of' cooked aeats and f'resh f'ruit. {,.The .J0.04{e) At the request of' the CallJI Grievance C-ittee, suitahle lunch Saeli / buildings will be provided where there are cancentrations of' aen, (huildings to he heated during the period October I st to April 30th and Hot lunches will be supplied where practical upon request of the C1111p Grievance C-ittee. Only thel"llOS-type containers will be used to transport hot lunches. The Collpany will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch building for year-round use. l0.04(f) 11tere shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided hy the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shal I be on Campany time. l 0. 04 ( g) The charge for board and lodging shall be One Dollar and Seventy-Five Cents (SJ. 75) per calendar day. 10.0S(a) It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictnres. It is understood that the showing of aoving pictures will be discontinued where coloured TV is available. ne c-pany agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charge for such services shall not be increased unless ntaally agreed to. JO.OS(b) The Coapany agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons, and saocks, on loan, and other suitable unifora apparel, at cost, and provide. for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. \·.'ashing and drying machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. J0.05(c) 1be c-pany will provide free insurance coverage against loss hy fire of employees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of e11ployee-owned power saws to a maxiaua of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ( S2, 500. 00) . Additional free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of trade.man's tools normally required by tradesaen wil I be provided to the foll valne of such tools while on coapany property or work sites and as docmiented by the tool inventory list maintained on file. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Collpany. Damage to employee-owned power s.aws due to Coapany negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their foll replacement value. An employee who causes a fire willfolly or through gross negligence will not be reiahursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrange11eats for protectioa against theft of employee-01111ed power saws w111 be made at ca11p level between the Company and the Vnion. SCALING AND SETlLEMENl J 0. 05 (a) F.llployees shall be paid every second 11tursday. l0.05(b) Interia advances will be made only in instances of evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on 11tursday pay day or Friday, payaent wi 11 be made on Wednesday of that week. ll J0.06(c) In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, cash advances wi 11 be issued to the extent of the aployees 1 payroll credit. 10.06(d) A Time and Earnings Stateaent will employee for each pay period. This stateaent will of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued and deductions, covering the period. Explanations be posted in each C8llJI• I0.06(e) Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of ment hy the Coapany or the aployee is rendered every reasonable effort will be made to aake a twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, legal holidays excepted. be provided to each carry complete detail Vacation Pay credit, of payroll codes will termination of employthe Coapany agrees that full settleaent within Saturdays, Sundays and I0.06(f) The Coapany will provide each pieceworker with a ainiaua of one (I) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips shall be given to each pieceworker at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the wood being aoved. Scale slips will provide the following information, where applicahle. Noher of cords or naaber of pieces (Tree Length), liding and/or Walking Bonas, Footage of strip or Main Road Cut; and Poor Bush loons. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be aade available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required hy the Company to do a ainor mechanical repair job, he will be furnished snch tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipaent not returned will be charged for in full. Wom out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. No emp1oy~e sha11 operate a tractor or like equipaent owned or leased hy himself or hy another employee in the cut and skid operations of the Company. l0.08 Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools and eqaiplleftt required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. Light metal power saw wedges, saae to be replaced when retnmed in a worn out or broken condition. One ( I ) safety type gasoline container. One ( J) fire extinguisher (cheaical type) The Coapany agrees to stock two types of power saw chains, and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the caaps and sell thea to the aployees at the invoiced cost to the Coapany. Pieceworkers an4 others using power saws will be provided with free power saw gas and oils . I0.09(a) At each operating caap, a separate building will be provided for the storaqe of' power saws. Said building shall contain sufficient lockers for storage.' lo addition, a suitable; separate heated bnildiog with work beuch, vise and compressed air will be provided f'or the repair of' power saws. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Each eaployee shall cooperate lo maintaining the building in a clean and safe (condition. 10.09(b) The Co11pa11y agrees that it will f'uroish, on loan, all saf'ety equipaeot and personal saf'ety apparel save and except saf'ety pants, saf'ety boots, and saf'ety gloves and mitts. The COllpany further agrees to sell to eaployees safety pants at twelve dollars ($12), saf'ety boots at tweuty dollars (S20), and ballistic nylon type boots at tweuty five dollars ($25) below invoice price to the Cor.ipany, and saf'ety gloves and mitts to power saw operators an4 to persons handling cable at seven dollars ($7) below invoice price to the Company. The wearing of' saf'ety equipaeut an4 apparel wi 11 not become a condi tioo of eaployaeut unless it has beeu agreed to by the Collpany and the Union, or is mandatory under Governaeut legislation. I 0. 09 ( c) Lunch boxes and thenaos bottles shall be issued on loan, to all employees and shall have beeu sterilized before issue. Only factory built buses shall be used for the road transportation of' men. Same to have adequate seating accOllllOdation, emergeucy exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of' \ tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided f'or employees , at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating f'.acilities. The Compa~y will, for the saf'ety of' its employees, equip all hoses transporting aen with two-way radio, and will have either ~icatioo or transportation available at designated waiting places. · Factory built buses shall be deemed to include cars, balf'-toos, and crew cabs. In acquisition of' c - t e r bases, the Company will continue to work on improved f'eatures such as seating arrangement, suspension f'or better ride, storage racks, etc. I 0. I I (a) The Company agrees to provide f'ree transportation to all employees who are transf'erred froa camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of' seniority under the terms of' Article XII Seuiority. F.aployees shall have the option of' osiog their own vehicle f'or transportation. Io such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of' his intention to do so and shall be paid 20c per kilometre. 10.11 (b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of' such trausf'ers shall he paid f'or at the regular straight time rates f'or dayworkers and the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate per day f'or pi~rkers, and normal travel tiae, outside an eaployee's schednled working hours, will he paid f'or up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the above rates for pieceworkers. 10.12(a) The Coapany, consistent with its Policy to promote and ensure the safety of' its eaployees, will not require an eaployee to work alone ia an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent COllllllllication with such eaployee will he aaiatained by his Supervisor on a scheduled basis. J0.12(b) The Coapany agrees that there will he no shacking or hatching by employees covered by this Agreement, who are enq,aq,ed in producing and delivering operations ou its limits and/or work sites, unless aatually agreed to-by the Union and the Company. I 0. I 2 ( c) The Coapany shall provide the Union Steward in each operating caap with a room in the hankhouse in which to conduct Union business. l0.12(d) The Company will supply mechanics, welders, machinists, and electricians with suitable coveralls on loan, and provide f'or the laundering of same two (2) per week, free of' charge. J0.12(e) Tradesaen and helpers assigued to a hush garage shall receive SOC per hoar in addition to the applicable hourly rate. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main camp or central garage req'ui red to perf'ora work of their trade away from a aain caap or central garage will he paid 50~ per hoar in addition to the applicable hourly rate f'or all such hours worked away froa the main cup or central garage. Tradesaen and helpers assigned to work in the yard of' the aain canp or central garage f'or one (I) full shif't or more will be paid 50¢ per hoar in addition to the applicable hourly rate f'or such boars worked in the yard. J0.12(f) Town Haul and Town Garage Employees. ( i) \.!hen an employee is required to work more than two ( 2) boars overtime, and is in the coarse of' his work at a C8ll)I at a regularly scheduled aeal time, such eaployee will he provided a aeal in the caap cookery. (ii) \Jhen an eaployee at the Town Garage is required to work more than two (2) boars overtime without prior notification, such employee will be provided with a lunch, sue. or arrangements will be made f'or J0.12{g) The C011pany agrees to provide Town Baul employees with adequate shower facilities and lock-up type storage lockers at the Woods Garage.

ARTICLE XXI VIS ION CARE PLAN (Effect! ve April I, 1991 ) l l. OJ (a) The week for operations shall be six ( 6) days per week Mond~.r, \ to Saturday inclusive , The work week for day or shin workers shall be forty ( 40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. 'The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers rnay be scheduled to work in dayi;ork jobs on the day shin Monday to Friday r\ inclusi.ve. It is agreed that day work or shin work employees 11ay be,-/ requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and wi II .be paid in accordance with Section 11. 05 (a) for such ti•e worked. If an e,.Ployee requests to be excused fro• working overtime, permission will not he unreasonably withheld. l l.01 (b) ~or the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.•. that day and end at 7.00 a.•. the day following. ll.02(a) The work day or shin shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hour.; between the hours of 7.00 a.•. and 5.00 p.•., •ealti•e excepted. l!.02(b) The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 P·•· and 5.00 a.•., •ealti•e excepted. However, it is agreed that on fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and hy mutual agree•ent, be scheduled to commence prior to 7. 00 p.m. in accordance with the provisions of Section I 1.03(~). Where by mutual agreemer.t on any operat icn, it is agreed t'hat Friday night shfft commences prior to 7. 00 p.•., it shall rellllin constant and fixed and scheduled accordingly until such ti•e that it has been 1111tually agreed to alter or terminate the Agreement. ll.03(a) A night shfft differential of forty-five cents (45c) per hour shall he paid in addition to the regular rates £or all night shfft work. Effective Septellber 1, 1991, shfft dffferential shall be fifty five cents ( 55c) per nour. JI .03(b) On other two-shift operations, the first shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hour~. •ealti•e exc~pted. and shall co. .ence at 7.00 a.a. or after. The second shift shall consist of 8 consecutive hours, •ealti•e excepted, and shall c-ence prior to 7. 00 p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of forty-five cents (45c) per hour. Effective September I, 1991, shif't differential shall he fif'ty five cents (55C) per hour. consecutive hours. The starting and stopping tiaes for the three (3) shif'ts and the shif't differentials to he paid shall he as f'ollows. Starting Time <..=.o I st Shif't 2nd Shif't 3rd Shif't 7 a.m. -8 a.a. 3 p.m.-4 p.•. ll p.m.-12 p.a. Stopping Time ~"...s~o Shift Di ff. 3 .P.m. ·4. p.m. '~..·,;.'' NIL'~,-; .V\ II p.m.-12 p.m.\' ">-~55e /,,o'J 7 a.m.-8 a.m. 65e ...,.z;· l 1. 03 (d) The hours of' work for day workers and shif't workers shall he posted on Thursday of' the previous week. The starting and stopping tiaes shall reaain qmstant and fixed during the weekly period snhject to the following. An employee aay not change shif'ts during the week except when his shif't schedule is changed hy the Company. When an etl)lloyee' s shift schedule is changed by the Company during the week, he will he paid at one and one-half' tiaes his regular rate for the first shif't worked af'ter the change. When the employee reverts to his original shif't, he shall he paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of' at least B hours hetween shif'ts worked. Where starting ti•es must he staggered due to operational requirements, such starting tiaes for employees within any l!iven job classification shall he confined to a one-hour period. (l I,\ . \,,i ..r l.. On all operations which are carried ont OD a two (2) or three {3) shif't basis, all such employees will he scheduled on rotating weekly schedule basis . ll .03{e) If' an employee. who has completed his scheduled work week, is required f'or work OD his "sixth day" or Sunday, such overtiae shall be posted OD the preceding Thursday. If' he is available for the posted overti•e work at the regular starting tiae and is unable to coaaence work for reasons heyond his control , he shall receive four ( 4) hours pay at the applicable overtiae rate as specified in Section 11.0S(a) provided he remains available for the fonr-hour period if' so requested by the Company. , This shall not apply if' the employee is advised of' .cancellation prior to the end of' his last scheduled shif't for that week. 11 .03{f) During the period of' Hay to August, two shif't scarification operations aay c - c e at 6. 00 A. M. 11.03(g) During the fire season, scheduled hours aay be altered to provide f'or early start up when necessitated by f'ire hazard ratings, as determined by the M.N.R. guidelines. It is mulerstood the starting time aay be advanced by up to two (Z) hours except 1·1t.e1·e travel time is aore than one ( 1) hour, the aaxiaua advance l'li 11 be one ( l ) hour. 11. 04 (a) A day or sb i ft worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control shall be paid for one-half" day if be works less than four ( 4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. "'. r).a'." A pieceworker who wi II lose aore than one (I) hour of work I for reason of failure of the Coapany to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of the one ( 1Jhour at the rate of feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding, provided be reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate daywork if so requested by the Coapaoy. In the case of tiae lost in excess of one (I) bonr for reason of lack of assigmaent of area to cnt, and/or tiae reqnired in excess of one ( l) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be aade for all hours lost. JI .04(b) A day or shif"t worker who reports for work at his Cy--;. l ~ched~led 1 starting tiae and is nnable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four ( 4 J hours pay at his regular rate provided he reaains available for two (2) hours froa his scheduled starting tiae, accepts alternate work if so assigned and coaaences work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work co11111ences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be aade and the provisions of Section 11. 04 (a} wi II apply. Should the ..,1oyee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift, he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will c-.ence regular work as soon as conditions permit. linen the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the tiae and one-half provisions of Section 11 .03(d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four ( 4) hours, such payment shall not be aade for the second and subsequent consecntive days in the event the Cmipany gives notice that no work is available a •iniaua of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting tiae on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee, he aay exercise his seniority 1-.ithin the caap unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the caap unit and displaces another employee, the displaced-employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case aay any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the cup unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice given. Is Sboold an employee elect to take leave of absence in lien of exercising seniority under this Article, be shall be peraitted to exercise bis seniority on bis return to work. Notification and reporting procedores shall be established locally. ll.05(a) Time worked by an employee in excess of eight (8) hours per ,day or shift, all hours outside bis regnlar shift, and the first eight _. C-) ( 8) hours or portion thereof on bis designated "sixth day" day (Satnrday . { or Monday) or Sunday shall be paid for at the rate of time-and-one-half. Double time will be paid after eight (8) boars of work on bis designated "sixth day" (~~Y. or Monday) and on a Sanday. Overtime work reqnired in a camp unit will be distribnted on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally [perfon the work in the classification requiring the overti11e. For calculating overti•e pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. 11.0S(b) Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40) bonrs per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of Article XI. (a) Cook (b) Baker ( c) Second Cook (d) ( e) Cookee Choreboy (f) Watchllan For employees in the job classifications listed above, the boars of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regnlar work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, 11ealti11e excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight _.(8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (l 2) hour period divided into not •ore than two ( 2) parts provided there is a break of at least eight (8) boars between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five ( 5) consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Satnrday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight ( 8) boars per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of bis scheduled work week, and all hours worked on bis "sixth" day (Saturday or Monday) and on Sanday, shall be paid for at the rate of ti11e-and-one-half. If an employee reqnests to be excused from working overtime, peraission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifications who is unable to work the tall day or shift for reasons beyond bis control, shall be paid for one-half' day if' he is available at the start of' his scheduled shift, and for one full day if' he remains available for the start of' the second half' of bis scheduled shift. The schednled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of' the orevious week. Schednled overti•e dav or shift for the "sirth day 'or Sunday shall be posted on the "preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping tiaes shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. An employee aay not change shifts dnring the week except when his shift. schedule is changed by the Ct.pany. When an employee's shift schednle is changed by the Coapany, he will be paid at one-and-one-half' tiaes his regular rate f'or the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original sbif't be will be paid at his regular straight tiae rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between sbift.s worked. if' an employee who has completed his schednled work week is called back for work on bis "sixth" day or Sanday, be shall be provided a ainim of' 8 hours work and be paid at tiae-and-one-half provided he remains available if' so requested by the Coapaoy. When a second shift is schednled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of' 45¢ per hour for each second shift worked. Effective September I , J 991 , shift differential shall be fifty-five cents (SSC) per hour. The present st.andard of' service by choreboys and night. watchmen shall be aaint.ained. l I . 06 Walking Distance and/or Riding Tiae shall not. be considered as t.iae worked. Walking Distance and Riding Tiae shall be paid for as stipulated in the Wa 1king Distance and Riding Tiae section of' the Wage Schedule of' this Agreeaent. An employee, who is called out for work after completing ,his day or shift, or aore than one (I} hour before the st.art of bis day or shift. shall receive t.iae and one-half for the hours worked, bnt in no case shall he receive less than four ( 4) hours pay at. straight. tiae. When the call-out. for work is wit.hin the one (I) hour period prior to the st.art of his day or shift he will be paid ti•e and one-half rr- the starting tiae of the call-oot to the scheduled starting time of bis day or shift. fihere the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of' Section 11.0S(a) shall apply after he has coaplet.ed eight (8} honrs work exclusive of' the tiae worked prior to his st.artiog time. An emp 1oyee who is called oot for work on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sanday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtiae rate as set out in IJ.OS(a}, f'roa the starting tiae of the call-out, but in 110 case shall he receive less than four ( 4) hours pay at the rate of' ti11e-and-one-half'.

Article VI Vacation With Pay 12.0l(a) The Company recognizes the principle or seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, i~~!>.~ions, transfers, lay-offs and recalls after lay-off. 12. 01 ( b) An e11ployee who is employed on a fall time basis by the Union shall retain his seniority fo1 a period not exceeding twelve, (12) months. It is agreed, however, that the twelve (12) - t h period shall be extended for a Farther twelve (12) month period if reqnested in writing by the e11ployee affected. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within a six-llODth period. At the end of this period, his seniority shall be established, and he shall be placed on the seniority list in the order of hire. 12.03(a) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis in recalls, pnmotions, transfers from cuip to Cllllp and layoffs. When layoffs are reqnired due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be pendtted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a job, within the same Zone, for which be is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with Section 12. 04, he advises the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in writing on fol"llS to be supplied by the Company, of his desire to transfer or to be laid off. The Company will provide the Union Grievance C-ittee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled in the Zone by e11ployees with less seniority than those employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, Company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other Zones for more than one (1) week, and subject to the following procedure. otherwise the zone will be the unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. An employee wishing to exercise his seniority rights in another zone 1111St uke application to the Company's Faployment Office within the three ( 3) consecutive work days illllediately following the date of layoff, either in person or by letter postmarked during that period, otherwise be forfeits his right to bump on that occasion. l2.03(b} In transfers from one job classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. Jn such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of bis previons job classification. For dete... ining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, the rate specified for Feller-timber (Tree Length Skidding) shall apply, or the rate of the job classification, whichever is higher. 12.03(c) The Coapany, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article DI. !lot ice of impending vacancies will be posted on the caap bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed however, that teaporary appointments llB,Y be made without posting for filling vacancies of' less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Coapany for a period of five ( 5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal job requirements. F.aployees shall not be considered for sucb jobs, unless they apply in writing within th~ five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled frOll 1111ong the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.(11 of this Agree•ent. Employees accepting the J · posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days in which to qualify, (or ' further ti•e as may be mutually agreed, if additional training is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to retum to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. Once qualified, an employee shall remain in that job for a miniaua of three aonths, unless displaced fro• that job because of lay-of'f' or the boaping procedure. The Coapany shall post notices in caaps showing the naaes or successful applicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. J2.03(d) A job that becomes vacant because the incuabent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days, shall be classif'ied as a temporary vacancy and shall be Citied according to the provisions of Section 12.03(c) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of' application of' seniority on temporary vacancies is the caap. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the cup unit it shall be filled on a Zone basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in ef'f'ect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of lay-off''f'roa his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. In case of lay-off which is to exceed two (2) days, the' C-,any will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid orr. at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of' such said notice to the Union Grievance C-ittee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as auch advance notice of lay-off as possible. It is understood, l1owever, this shall not apply in cases of" whole or part i a 1 cessation of" operations due to forest f'ires. l·lhen the approximate time of" recall is known at the time of" layof"f", eaployees leaving ca11p will be infor11ed of" such approximate date at that time, bat in any case, notice in writiDB., will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen ( 14) days before he is required 'to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of" such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrange11eDts have been ude, in writing. The Company agrees to suhmi t to the Union Office by Jannary 31st of" each year an alphabetical list, in dnplicate, of" employees covered by this Agreement. The list will alliQ show each employee's occupation, address, and Company service in days as specified in

 A list shall be prepared and posted -nthly in each camp showing the seniority order of" the employees. An eaployee's seniority shall he broken and his naae will be re110Ved f"rom the Seniority list if" he. Quits voluntarily. Is discharged and not reinstated. Fails to report for work following recall, as provided in Section I 2. 05 of" this Article. Fails to return from a leave of" absence on the date specified, unless his return to work is prevented by circamstances beyond his control. Retires. Is laid off for 'twenty-f"oar (24) aontbs or aore. An employee pro.tted or transf"erred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain his seniority for a period not exceeding twelve (12) from the date of" pro.ttion or transf"er, and she 11 have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisions of" this Article upon proof" of" Union aembership in good standing. -•tbs It is agreed, however, that the twelve (12)-th period shall be /extended for a f"arther twelve ( 12) - t h period if" requested in writing \by the employee affected. When jobs are discontinned dae to the introduction of" new methods and equipment or dae to curtailment of" operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs, in accordance with Article .. Xll, to aeet the C011J13Dy's labour requirements and if" such eaployees require training to perf"or11 the alternate employment effectively, they shall be trained by the Company,. ,,,,\ It is under/tood this does not apply to seasonal lay-of"f"s. j .r-1\ An employee with three (3) or more years of service for whom no job available because of mechanization, technological changes or Is antoaatioo can, upon ter11ioatioo, elect to receive a severance allowance of one weeks pay for each year of completed service since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computea on the basis of forty (40) boors at the eaployee's regular.straight tiae hourly rate, aultiplied by the oaaber of years of eaployaent. It is understood that an eaployee who chooses to receive the severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the eaployee's oaae will he removed froa the seniority list.

 The Voion shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin hoards of the Coapaoy, such notices to have approval of the caap foreman before such posting.

 PLANsJ~;r-il I, 1991) For each eaployee on the payrol I who has established seoiori ty in accordance with the Coapaoy will provide appropriate single or faaily coverage in accordance with llae Cross Drag Piao or its equivalent, and Semi -priva Hospital Care Plan. Articl011, The Coapaoy Wi 11 aaintain coverage to eaployees who are off work doe to a florkers Compensation claia or a Short Tera Disability claia for op to a period of twelve aoaths, The Company will continue coverage for a laid off employee to the end of the aonth in which he was laid off. Coverage will resoae on the date the eaployee returns to work froa lay-off.

 The Coapany will aaintain a Group Life Insurance Piao to provide S40,000.00 of Life Insurance for each eaployee while actively eaployed. 'fhe Coapany will pay 50~ of the preaiua cost and the cost to the eaployee will not exceed 30c per SJ ,000.00. Ef"Cect.ive April l, 1991, LiCe Insoraoce coverage will be increased to SS0,000,00. 'AllTICLE XVI • \IEEKL Y INDEMNITY AND LONG TERM DISABILITY l 6. 0 I The Company wi II 11aintain and pay the pre11iu cost of a Weekly Indemity Insarance Plan. The Plan will provide seventy percent (70%) of weekly earnings (forty (40) hours tilleS an employee's regular rate) and pieceworkers, forty ( 40) times the Feller/Limber hourly rate up to a i maximum of four hundred dollars 1.S,400.00~ weekly, to commence on the first day in case of a non-compE11sabieccident and after three (3) continuous days froa the c-encement of a disability due to a sickness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fif'ty-two ( 52) weeks. The maximum will be increased to foar hundred and twenty-five · dollars s p425.Jl!Uekly For any employee who ~ced Weekly Indemnity OD or af April 1; 1991. er Effective Septeaber I, 1991, the llBXi- will be increased to four hundred and forty five dollars '54$5 OjJ.-weekly, and effective September I, 1992, the maxillllll will be ~ to four hundred and sirty five ($465 9'\heekly. the· Company will maintain and pay the full'°,.c'ost of a Long Term Disability Benefit Plan providing for benefits of 50% of weekly earnings, (551; effective April I, 1991) payable to age 65 or teraination of the disability, whichever occurs first. AllTICLE ml - BEllEAVEMENT PAY l> '~ ,. l~hen death occurs to an employee's spouse or children, the employee will be granted leave to attend the fimeral and shall be paid for eight (8) boars at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers • eight ( e) ti•es the Feller-Li•ber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for ti•e lost up to a llBXi- of five (5) days. The day of the funeral nst be one of the five (5) days. When death occurs to an employee's father, mother, mother-inlaw, father-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, sister-in-raw, son-in-law, daughter-in-law and grandparents, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight ( 8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers - eight {8) times the Feller/Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a 11BXimu of three (3) days. The day of the funeral nst. be one of the three ( 3 ) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the fimeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the employee's scheduled work days lost daring this period. Any clai• for bereavement pay must. be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, aloag with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family. It is understood for purposes of' this Article, step relatives will be considered the sue as blood relatives.

 In the case of an employee wbo is called for jury service or \ subpoenaed by the Crown, the Co11pa11y shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (SJ hours of ~ay based on his regular straight 'tiae hourly rate (pieceworkers eight (8) hours based on the Feller-Limber Tree Length Skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury service. 'The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claia for such allowance.

 The Coapany will maintain a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employees, oa the following basis. Participation in this plan is li•ited to employees who have accmlated sixty-five (65) days of service with the Company. (a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7 Basic Plan and Rider No. J. (b) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No.2 Maxim Sl,000.00 per calendar year per person. Ef'fective April I, 1991, the Plan will be amended to provide for the application of the 1989 Schedule of Fees. Ef'f'ective September 1, 1991, the Plan will be a.ended to provide for the application of tile 1990 Schedule of' Fees. Effective Septellher I, 1992, the Plan will be amended to provide for the application of the 1991 Schedule of Fees. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to lay-off or Leave of Absence, but in no case beyond the end of the - t h following tile month in which such absence c~ced. ADMlNlSTRAT!Oll The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures reflecting the plan design outlined . .n. in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of' adainistrative vehicle c...,. a.mg service carriers, insurance companies or self' administration will be made by tbe Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. ne premium cost of this Plan sball be paid by the Company. •/ lNTEGRATlOfl The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. ff daring the lif'e of' this Agree11eat f'ederal or provincial goverameats shall introduce legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan sball be aaended so as to eli•inate said benefits.

 ne Retirement Income Plan (1985) forms part of' tbis Agreement. A description of tbe Plan is attached hereto for information purposes. Any questions of administration or interpretation of the Plan will be decided based on the full Plan tert.

 ne Co.paay will provide a Vision Care Plan wbicb will provide for expenses incurred by an employee and/or tbe employee's covered dependents when recomiended by a physician or optometrist as f'ollows. - frames, lenses, and tbe fitting of prescription glasses including contact lenses, up to a total of' $75.00 per fa•ily member, in any two consecutive calendar years. 1\f~ ·' c.) l~~ September I, 1990 to August 31, 1993 Sept. l/90 Sept (a) CAMP SERVICE. PERSONNEL Bull cook Cook ( l -20men) Cock {20 •en and over) Cook, Second Cookee Night Baker Watcbllan, Cup Watchman, Night Cup, Daai. l~.82 lB.33 {b) CUSSIFICATION Bodyman • Mechanic "A" Class Bodyma n - Mechanic "B" Class Bus 01·ive1 Sl8.52 Brid~e Construction WorkEr (experienced) Carpenter (qualified) Chipper Utility Man Crew Leader, Standard Hourly Bate Plus Feller, Lillh and Top, Tree Length Fire Pat re 1 Men llandymn Helper, Bulldozer, Loader, forwarder Jackhalmer Driller Labourer, General Machinist "A" Class Machinist "B" Class Mechanic Lead, Mechanic, "A" - I Mechanic "A" Class Mechanic, I M;;cr,;,n ic, II Mechanic helper "A" Class Mechanic He 1per Operator Brush Saw Operator, Bulldozer "A" Operator, Bulldozer "B" Operator. Cahle Skidder fr.,. F.B Operator, Chipper Operator, Compactor Operator, Compressor Operator, Crane (with certificate) Operator, Crane (without certificate) Operator, Crane (under training) Operator, Front End & Overhead Loader Operator, Grapple Skidder Operator, T/L Harvester Operator, Machine Scarification la. 56 ·2f.'f3 l9.i'2 20. !i6 ~1!1!.l!!!Br I. 1290 t!! August 31, 199). Operator, Hydraulic loader 11011Dted on slasher l.i Operator, Short Wood Harvester VJ Operator, Feller Forwarder Operator, Del in.ber '·' Operator, Limber • Slasher ,; Operator, Machiue (Trainee) (far newly hired employees) I Operator, Mechanical Slasher Operator, Outfeed, Processor Manual Operator, Outfeed, Processor Mechanical Operator, Pettibone Snper 30 Operator, Grader Operator, Power Saw, Non Prod. Operator, Pnlpwood Harvester (Under training) Operator, Relief Operator, Scraper Operator. Screen Plant Operator Skidder (Tree Length) Operator, Tractor, Crawler Tvoe General USE Operator, Tractor, ~ihee 1ed Operator, Mo bi 1e Knuckleboom Loader Operator, Mechanical Feller '1l \ Powdenan Saw Tailer, Mechanic<] Slasher Slashel'llaJl, Loader Operator (Antoated Slasher) Top Loader Tree P1 ante• Truck Ori ver, Four \o!t1ee l Drive Truck Driver, Sand Truck Truck Driver, Self-Loader Truck IPriver, Single Ade Truck Driver? Snow Plowing Truck Driver, Ste1111 Cleaner Truck Driver, Tande11 Axle Truck Driver, Tande11 Axle Hauling Multiple Trailers Truck Driver, Tandem Axle Hauling Trailers, Floats Welder, Lead Welder "A" Class Welder I Welder I I Welder, Helper Class "A" Welder, Helper Sept. Sept. Sept l9.C3 ;o An employee who 1 s assigned to train another employee or employees sha 11 be paid his regular Irate plus 30' per hour during the training assigmient . It is agreed that incentives aay be applied in conjunction with the daily rates which pertain to •echanical operations. HOllRLY RATES Sept. J/90 Operator, Brush Sa" Tree Planter Labourer Crew Leader J7. l6 Sept. 1/91 Sept. 1/92 regular rate plus PlECHIORK RATES. (WheeTed-Skidders -. Rubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt. diameter •easure as per the following schedule. The Cmipany will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. SUPPLEMENT TO PJEC£f!ORK£RS A supple•ent of seventy-three (73c) cents per hour will be' paid to pieceworkers. Batt. diameter •easure t.o be aade in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Begalat.ions. Butt. diameter measure•ent. shall be clearly lllll'ked on the butt. of each tree length by the scaler. !lo Catting Bonas in addition to Schedule Rates. llo Poor Bash Bonas to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. The number of employees in each cut. and skid crew shall not. exceed three ( 3) at. any time. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in any strip or block. Every atte11J1t wi II be made to assign adjoining alternate strips. IC these two strips yield less than thirty (30) cords, each crew •ember wil I be paid one hour at the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate. The Coapany wi 11 not normally exceed 600 feet when cutting strips. Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 feet in each strip. Exceptions will be dealt with on a local basis. Payment for Walking and Riding Tiae shall be computed in accordance with Subsection (c) (Walking Distance and Riding Tiae). . SORTING BONllS Wben, at Coapany request, the crew is required to sort wood by ' species, 2 .B6% of base earnings will be paid. If further sorting is required, an additional 1. 43% or a total of 4. 29% of base earnings will be paid. COllJlaDy will endeavour to clear skidway sites. Where this is done by the crew at Coapany request, 7 .62% of base earnings will be paid. Pft.W.ORK TREE LENGTH PRICE PEil RA~ !f·l~TRJC] TREE PUL PllOOD Butt Diam. ilIB..J Sept. Sept Sept. lL2Q lL2l Wl l0.287 3l.715 o. 551 o. 551 6. l 4l I l .072 2l. 655 l. 899 Butt Diam. (c11. Sept. Sept. Sept. .!il.Q lL2l l. 387 l J.196 il. 217 PUCE PER TREE - ROUGH POPUll P~Q Butt Diam. Sept. Sept. illh1 .l.L2Q Wl wz. Io l.592 3. l 72 s. 033 Sept. l .159 l. 772 CUITING AND SKIDDING (Fllll TREE) (Wheeled Skidders - lubber Tired) Rates per tree length piece, butt dia11eter measure as per tbe following schednle. The C...,any •.i 11 supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. S1JPPLEllENT TO Pl ECEWORKERS A supplement of seventy-three {73c) cents per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Crew '.-ii 11 consist of a 11aXi8U of two ( 2) aen. ( i) Maxi8U skidding distance 900 feet when skidway placement not adjacent to gravel or brush ut road. (ii) Maximum skidding distance 1 ,200 f"eet when skidway placement adjacent to gravel or brush mat road. MEASUREMEllT Batt diameter aeasure to be 1111de in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to he clearly aarked on each butt by the Scaler. No cutting bonus to he paid in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to be paid on pulpwood or by-products. When, at Coapany request, the crew is required to sort wood, 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. ff fortber sorting is required, an additional 1. 43% or a total of 4. 29% of base earnings will be paid. Where skid~1ay sites are prepared by the crew, 7 .62% of base earnings will be paid. Payment for Wa 1 king and Riding Tiae shall be COllpUted in accordance with subsection (c) of the Wage Schedule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). . y, . CUITING Mil ~~IQOjNG !Dli r.-qm;m SKIDDrRl Butt Diam. Sept. Sept. Sept. lim..J .lJ.2Q l1.2l .ill.2. l .016 l. 575 l .072 l. 348 l l .360 2e.ss1 l. 753 J5.2i7 31. gs3 ,C.UTil';G ~.ill SKIDlll~G EULL__Ifil.f {WHHLfD SKIODfR) Butt Diam. il.m.J. Sept. lL90 l. 844 9. i77 Sept. Sept. ill.!. lm. l.616 l0.315 Site Prepared. Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) Site Unpreoared.. Bare Root Stock Tubed Seedlings (paper pots) Sept ._i,_JJ90 10. Sc/tree 8. Sc/tree 11.Sc/tree 9. Sc/tree Employees on the regular seniority listing may eJect to work on either the day or piecework wage schedule.\/ A day worker using his power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental cf. eleven dollars ( S11 . 00) per 8 hour day or shift when Celling and limbing and twelve dollars ($12.00) per 8 hour day or shift when bucki.ng at a landing on a skidding operation. The Bucking rate shall also apply to Brush Saw Rental. If be is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond bis control, be will be paid one-half day's rental when be works less than four hours and full day's rental when be works more than four hours. (c) WALKlNG DISl'ANCE AND RIDING TIME i) Pieceworkers" who walk to work fro11 camp a distance in excess of one and one-half (·l~) miles shall be paid on the basis of the Feller (Tree Length Skidding) rate for the time required to walk the excess distance. For the purpose of this Agreement it is agreed that the pieceworker will walk at the rate of three (3) ailes per hour. ii) Where pieceworkers are transported to work froa cup, they shall be paid for Riding Time in excess of one-half ( 1) hour each way at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). Iii) Where a dayworker's travelling tiae froa cup to working place is composed of riding and/or walking time be shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half (1) hour each way at bis regular rate of pay. iv) Where a pieceworker's or a dayworker's travelling tiae fro11 cup to working place is composed of riding and walking tiae, be shall be paid the rate of pay as per this Agreeaent for all coabined riding and walking time in excess of one-half {%) hour each way. The walking time based on the rate of one-quarter (ii) of a aile equals five (S) [minntes shall be added to the riding time. Travelling so computed shall be credited not. less than once each -th. time ( d) The following schednle of cookery personnel is agreed to. NUllber of Persons Eating Cook 2nd Cook 14 or less Cookee Night Baker Total Over 145 uy be changed by mt.ual coasent during the term of this Agreement. when laboar-saving devices or other factors reducing the work are introduced. It is agreed that. this schedule (with Meehan ica 1 Dishwasher) Nllllber of Persons Eating so Cook l 2nd Cook Cookee Night Baker 'Total l 1eo e It. is agreed that this Schedule uy be changed ay aatnal consent. during the tel'll of this Agreeaent. when labour-saving devices or other factors reducing the 1;ork are introduced. THREE· SH l FT OPERATION. Where aore than 10 •en and less than 20 aen are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned. \ihere 20 or aore aen are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned and a Second Cook will be added to the cookery schedule and assigned with the cookee at. night.. ( e) COMViUTE RS The c-pany and the Union agree that c-ter operations shall be carried ont by the Company on tJie following tenis and conditions. C-ters are employees who (a) are resident within reasonable Riding and/or Walking Distance of the area of operations; (b) for whom board and lodging are not made available by the Company. The Company wi 11 arrange to provide free transportation from a designated aarsballing point or points for each c-ting area to the operating areas and return. III. Time spent by pieceworkers or dayworkers travelling on the vehicle provided fr1111 a lllll'shalling point or points to debarkation point or points pins ti•e spent walking from debarkation point or points to place of work in excess of one-half boar each way shall be paid for on the following basis. (f) a) Dayworkers at their regnlar rate of pay. b) Pieceworkers on 11ecbanical cnt and skid operations shall be paid at the rate of Feller (Tree Length Skidding). TRAVEL !.LLOl.'ANCE A travel allowance for each week of active employment for all employees who have established seniority shall be paid as per the following schedule. llN IT ~t. 9.Zl l 2.17 l 4. 79 16.cs I l.50 /1,arch Sept. Sept. Hl.35 l 6.62 Allowances will not be paid to any employee where transportation is provided from a designated marshalling point to a recognized co1111nter operation. The allowance will not be paid for any fnll week that the employee is not at work. Where an employee is at work for only part of the week, be will receive the fu1 l a 11 owance. The allowance will not be paid for any week in which an employee receives payaent for transfer unoer Article 10.11 (a) and (b). Allowances for new ca11ps shall be relative to the foregoing and negotiated when such CllllJIS bec..e operational. Apprenticeship openings will be filled in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.03(c) (job postings). F.aployees who meet the educational level specified by the apprenticeship act will qualify. There will be a probationary period of up to thirty (30) working days prior to entering into an apprenticeship agreement, during which ti•e the employee way return, or failing to display the necessary wecbanical aptitude be returned to his former job without loss of seniority. Any apprentice who fails to satisfactorily cowplete the Ontario Apprentice program way be retained in his classification and a 11 owed to progress to Mechanic I withoot prejudice. Once an employee enters an apprenticeship contract, it is expected he will continue to fulfill the obligations of the contract, including necessary training periods in a vocational school. The apprentice way receive a weekly training allowance from the goverment whi 1e attending a Trade School Coarse. The Cowpany will supplement this allowance to provide the apprentice with a total weekly inc..e equal to forty (40) times his regular hourly rate of pay. Calculation of the Collpany' s portion will be based on the goverment allowance for an apprentice who is able to live at b1111e while attending the Trade School. If the apprentice is required to live away from home in order to attend a Trade School, be wi 11 receive the Company pay suppleweot referred to above in addition to any increased allowance paid by the goverment to an apprentice living away frow home Wtli 1e attending School. An apprentice's entitlement to Vacation with Pay, Paid Holiday Pay, ~Jeekly indemnity, Funeral and Bereavement Leave will not be affected Q.v his attendance at. a Trade School, nor will his participation 1n any employee welfare plans in which be is enrolled. Prov id i n9 a Tradeswan has completed the time in the trade necessary to write for a Provincial lrade Certificate, he way write for such certificate and receive the "A" rate iwwediat.ely following his coarse of studies and notification that a Trade Certificate will be issued. If an apprentice is entitled to a reduction in the ter11 of his apprenticeship because of academic achievement he shall enter his apprenticeship at the proper category as per the Joh Description. MECHl.NIC litlfil.r Required to work as an assistant to other •echanics as assigned. Shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class "A". A Ile l per will co111111ence to acCU11Ulate common mechanical tools. Jn the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. He shall under the direction of •echanics of higher classification work on all types of equipment used on woods operations; shall be capable of perfor11ing the Following jobs independently. tire repair, wash jobs, greasing and oiling service. A helper enterinq the trade at this level will colllllleDce to accumulate c - mechanical tools. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Mechanic II . In the event that he fails to display the uecessary aptitude for further training he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable employment. M~CHAtllC r. J He shall be capable uuder direction of performing all jobs assigned to hi• in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered eqaip11ent generally used in woods operations. It is expected that eligible personnel shall put forth every ef'fort to obtain a Provincial Trade Certificate. MECHAtilC He shall be capable without direction of perfor11ing all jobs assigned to hi• in an efficient llaJIDer on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. Be will be required to direct assistants working under hi• and must assume full responsibility for all work perfonied by hilllSelf' or his assistants. Where a present mechanic or a person snbsequently hired has no certificate bat has r.ad special training and/or is assigned on only one type of eqnip11ent, he will automatically be rated as Mechanic I. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to hi• in an efficient manner on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. Be wi II be reqnired to direct assistants worl<ing under hi• and must assume fall responsibility for all work perfonied by himself or his assistants. Be 1111St be in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate recom•ended by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. Mechanics presently employed in this classification wi 11 not be required to have a Certificate. In addition to fu 1fi11 i ng ail of the qualifications of a Mechanic Class "A" and being in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate he shall have had advanced theoretical and practical training in eqnipment sub- systems or be in possession of both a 110tor vehicle mechanic certificate and a heavy duty equip11ent aechanic certificate reco9n 1zed by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. MECHANIC l.EAD A Mechanic Lead is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualificatinns set oat DDder l·.echanic Class "A" and in addition shall be capable of leading other mechanics. A Lead Mechanic works under the direction of his Mechanical Supervisor, and has no authority to discipline or discharge other mechanics. Mechanics presently e...ployed in this category are not reqnired to have a Provincial Trade Certificate. Helper Reqnired to work as an assistant to welders as assigned. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, be may at any time during this period be placed in other suitable eapl~eut. ·x Re shall be capable under direction of perfo,..ing the following. l. Oxyacetylene and electrical welding in flat position with opportunity of working in other positions. Cutting, soldering and brazing. Re shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to We 1der II. In the event that be fails to display the necessary aptitude for fitrther training, be 11ay at any tiae during this period be placed in other suitable employment. Re shall be capable nnder direction of perfo,..ing all jobs assigned to bi11 in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. Re shall also have an understanding of types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. Shall be capable without direction of perfo,..ing all jobs assigned to bi11 in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. Re shall be capable of performing both types of welding in all positions ;·;i th all aetals used on woods operatious. Re aust assuae responsibility for all work performed by biaself; or bis assistants. Re shall be capable without direction of perfo,..ing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient 11aDDer in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall have an understanding of types of flues, oxidizing and carbonizing. Re shall be proficient in both types of welding in all posi tious with all metals used on woods operatious. Re llUSt be able to fabricate froa a blueprint. He must assuae responsibility Cor all work perCoraed by bi11SelC or his assistants. He 1111St be in possession oC the necessary trade certificate. Welders presently e11ployed in reoufred to have a Trade Certificate. this classification will not be A Welder Lead is appointed as the need arises, anst possess the qualifications set ont onder Welder Class "A" and in addition shall be capable oC leading other welders. Welders presently employed in this category are not required to have a trade certificate. Tradesmen will furnish all hand tools comaon to the trade. Mechanics will f'urnish spanners up to 1%" opening, sockets np to and inclnding %" drive and 1%" opening, adjnstable wrenches ap to 18" in length, homers, chisels, launches and screw drivers. The Company agrees to replace any personal tools broken in service without delay, provided that such broken tools are returned. The Collpany agrees to provide tools to trades11e11 at cost. The Collpany will provide on loan any special tools including power driven tools, testing and aeasuring instruments and gauges, 1"1llers, sockets over ~ drive, spanners over l!t" opening. In the event that the c - tools oC tradesaen are required to be in aetric aeasurements such tools shall be provided on loan by the Caapany. AND TRADESllEN Once each year during the aonth oC November, a group which is comprised oC the Divisional Mechanical Superintendent, Mechanical Fore.an and two (2) qualified representatives a'the Union will deteraine by review whether helpers and tradesaen qualify Cor ap-grading. IC in the interim, upgrading is necessary, it will be done by the Divisional Mechanical Superintendent and Mecbnical Foreaan. Signed at Thunder Bay, Ontario this 27th day of September. For. CANADIAN PACIFIC FOREST PRODUCl'S LIMITED t.ORllE CRAWFORD Jl. Jl. T4llOR For. LOCAL 2693, I\l'A • CANADA '.ffCFI NI YR E }(M C. FAVEl..i. L_ _ __ JAllF.S RYYNAl~[I,.__ f, SEGU l~ l,A RR I S f. \.I•. 1,'YU. V!'.lUUIN •. 11 .. THOMPSON ADDENDUM TO l1IE AGllEE!IENT Between (lbunder Bay Woodlands Operations) hereinafter referred to as "lle C011p3Dy" and hereinafter referred to as "lle Union" The Company and the Union agree that where it is necessary for the Company to increase its work force of employees listed on the seniority list for the sole purpose of carrying out seasonal silviculture work, (reforestation) the Company 1111y hire additional employees to perfoI'll seasonal silvicultural work under the provisions of the Collective Agreement and as uended by this Addendu for snch seasonal employees. l. Re. Article V - Union Membership a)The employees hired to perfora seasonal silviculture work shall not be required to make an application to becaae a aellber of the Union while they remain employed at such work. b)The Callpany shall put these eaployees on check-off at the tlae of hire and deduct the Union's -thly -'»ersbip does froa -ies doe thea and reait saae to the Union office aontbly, accoapanied with the list of said employees. Re.

 For such aforesaid employees, Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid at the rate of 4% of bis gross earnings and the total accrued amount of credits sha 11 be paid by cheque to each eaployee at the tiae of teraination or lay-off froa such seasonal employment. Re. Article VI I Holidays With Pay a)For such aforesaid employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the perfor1111DCe of work for the holidays listed in 7 . 0 J excluding floating holidays. ne eaployee 1111St have worked the last scheduled shift before, and the first scheduled shift after the holiday, except when the eaployee is absent due to a confined illness or accident, in which case the eaployee shall be paid. Eaployees absent due to a confirmed illness or accident shall only be entitled 'to one holiday after the start of such absence. -Hi - b) The provisions set out in Section 7.02(b). 7.02(c), 7.02(d), 7.02(e), 7.02(f) and 7.03 are not applicable. Re. Article X Working and living Conditions f/here silvicultural work is to be carried out in isolated areas froa camps and such areas are not accessible from c..._ities ou a daily .,_ter basis, the Company may set up suitable temporary ca11p5 to acc01111odate such said employees while so engaged. lie. Article XI • Boars of Work [a) The 1·1eek for operations shall be six (6) days per week, Monday to Saturday inclusive. The Work week for peiceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive, or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. It is agreed that piece1·1orkers may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or work week, and will be paid iu accordance with the overtiae provision following. The regular work day shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, aealtiae excepted. However, at the request of the employees or the Coapany and by ntual agreeaent, the work day of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any twelve (12) boor period, divided into not aore than two (2) parts, provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between days worked. (b)~ F.aployees who are requested to work in excess of their