ARTICLE III-RECOGNITION-SURISDICTION-Conrinued The purpx ol lhis agreement is 10 wrs for the Company and Ihe Union Ihe WI benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect IO hours, irages, working conditions, and living condiliom as specified in Panicle Xof !he Agreemenr and loemw IO the u~nosr extent possible Ihe s&y and physical welfare of employees. economy of operation, quality and quanlity of output and prowion of progeny. This Agreement moreover. wks IO provide for Caiir and peaceful adjwnents of all dispures !hat may arise benreen rhe parnes It is reco-tized as a due ofthe parties herelo ar4 of all employees to co+perare fully, individually and collectively for Ihe adwcernem of the conditions set lonh herein. lie Company and Ihe Union agree one \iB Ihe oBer lhal rhey fill abide by !k Anicla of Gs Agreement from Sepiemhr I. 1% KI Augur\ 31. ?CQl inclusive, and horn yeas lo year lhereafier unless either m desire IO change or terminate the Agreement in \btich case rhe pam. desi@, the change or &rnina!ion shall notify !he olhrr pan, in winring, al least sixty (60) days prior to Seprember ISI, ol’lepanicular year la1 such is its desire Either pany opening rhe Apeemem in the manner provided abave shall notify ok mher pany m wiring 8 10 Ihe changes desired All olher provisions of lhis Collecli~c Aptement !aking elM on Seplember I, 1998, ill remain eifeciiveup IO and including August II. 2001. QVHCLE III. RECOGNIT[ON .JUIUSDICTlO~ The Company recognizes rhe Union ai rhe iole callecriee bargaining agency for all of 1.01 (a). ils employees who as engaged in \Vo& operations on rhe limits, and on the work sites, of Ihe Company. For purposes oftis Adicle. Company employees shall bz all Gw employed in le job clasrificalions ser OUI m the wge schedule anached IO and forming a pan oftis Agreement including dlox who are employed on job classifications \+dch may be eslablished and become part of !he anached wage schedule during Ihe term of tis Agreemen\. 1.01 (a). The employees ofComractors engaged by the Company on Ihc hmils and work sites of the Company sha!l be considered employees w&in rhe terms of!hls Apeement; save and except the employees of Conmaaon andior tic Conlrac\ors who are engaged IO perform occasional special s&es not commonly performed by employees covered by !he terms of lhis Agreemenr, employees of contiacrors ghere such comracrors are engaged for the purpose of ertcling spruces and where such a conuactor is bound by an A~ecment uil a Union or Unions affiliated wilh a tenual labour body,covtcingnuch work.

ARTICLE Iv. RATES MD CLASSlFlCATfONS . Continued 3.01 (d). Iurisdieiion. Ihis wion is subject 10 Ihs provirlon of Letter of Undemandmg Recogniiion . Sugenirary perwrn~~ shich includes conwlors whose employsor me coeidered lo k tmployeerunder tir Agreement. MI no1 perh wrk \rhich uould normally k a funtlionofan employee in +,e job tlarii6carions cmered by tir Agreement, eacep~ &n inslmcting employees and ir taw of emergency ahich imolvc physical danger 10 employees or danger lo propelry. II is agxd lhal Company OpraliON shall nol k inlermpled I dx resuh of any jtiid~trional dispae h may arisekrwn Ihe Union and any other Union@es!ioiirofjtiic~ion rMI tonlon IO Ihe regulalionscowtig such maners in accordance nirhthc pro\irionr of he L&w RelJlions A(l of Ontio. The aagc xhtdule is anached hereto, and Ions pan of lhis Agreemenl. If during rhe hfe of lair Agreement, a change in job content CWJS in any job &Ccaion Ned in Ic atcached wage schedule tie we lhtrelo shall be adjusred by negotiations ktwn rhe @es. Upon failure IO rwh agreement Ihe manDr may k referred ta Stage Ill of tie grievarte Procedure. Men changer are IO k made in operating melhods including major alleratiom in enabli+Rd work pftemr requiring the enablislvnent of new job classiCcations, the Company rdll giw Ihe Union aI least IO days advance notice m wiling. Guring Ihe IO day period prior M rhe implemenerion of such changes. upon requesl by he Union, tie Company wll meet ails Ihe Union, and diws such changes. For lb new job clGMonr dx Company shall KI temporary ra’es. Any sud rates rvill k bajcd on comtiiwln ilh pewling rales for similar and/or related a‘eupaarions in tie wge schedule. Folloning dx implsmenwion ofsueh changer, neg&ions for rarescoxring Le new jobclm~ricarions rewliing fromsuch changashall commence Glhout delay.

ARTICLE V . Uh’lON MEMBERSHlP Aver ageement is reached such rates shall become put of the anached “age xhedule. In the event that Ihe p&s do not reach agreemenf on the mler for the new classifications Hiti 10 days of the effective date of the change or alteration the matter may k refened IO Shge III of the griewte procedure. The JOday period may be exrended by mutual cooxnl of tic p&s New rakes when esldblished shall k rclroaclive to the date of establishment of the new clarsiheation. llx Company agrees that &hen a rate for a job classificalion is or kcomes part of lhe amhod wage schedule, Ihe Company will lair change !he method of payment for such job clarsificalion fom day work IO piece\vork or vice veru if such a change adversely affects Ihe average earnings oflheemployeescoecemed.

ARTICLE V . MION BMBERSHIP -Continued Tr,e Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreemcnl kcoming memkrs of the Union and wll facilitate Union memkrship soliciutiom ar hereinafter provided. 1.02 (a). Sub@ IO lhe pmvision of the Labour Relations Acl and rhe regulations made thereunder, any employee bb is now a member in good standing or nho becomes or is r&stated as a member of the Union, shall, ar a condition of continued emplo)menr, maintin such membership in good stidmg !hmughout the term oftis Agreement. In tk event of the Union intending IO suplnd a member, Le Campy shall k notified by Ihe Union in HTiting at least seven (J) days before such uspension. 5.02 (b). The Compaq shall. after complying wi11 Ailicle XII Seniority, advise the Union from lie IO lime of the Company? labour reqiiemenrs. When hiring additional employees dx Company till gibe preference to Union members who apply and who are capble of doing wok required of them. The Company shall tish Le Union Steward !+ith a lis~ of new cmploym ammring in camp each& 5.02(c). New employea shall make application IO join tk Union when first approached IO do YI by a duly aulhorizcd Union Sleward, Onicial or Representative. Ihe Company shall. upon hiring, adviie all new employees by lener IO rep%? IO !he Union Ste4 Gtin Ien (IO) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply wilh Ihe eondrlionr herein shall k cause for immediate terminaIionofemployment. An individual employee. who is a member of the Union or kcomes a member, rhe Company agc2slhatir will deducl Union initiation fees, asxssment andlor

ARTICLE VIII. ADJUSTblENT montiy membxstip dm irom monies du him. The dtdwtion &o&ion shall lx h!ferred fromcamptowmpduringheca~afhiremplo~ment. Reminance oi all deductions shall h xnt !o the liion; wd remittances lo be accompvizd by ilenuzd lists P alp+&rical order, in duplicate. of names with CiuAan Ames as pyolld, slated date of birth. and amoum by tamps. Ix Company sill endeavour IO deliver these lists as soan as posjibl<, but n01 latrr than he end of tte ioiloiring month. Each emplobee’s I&Y slip T-l shall show the amount of uaion dues deducted in the calend2 yeas Rcpesznutivts cjsning proper credentials shall han tix right to visit all operatioa in tonx4on with Unioa business ard shill repon !o camp supz~isor OI clerk on arrival at Camp. Credentials ctied by lb? Union Reprejsntatives shall COIW of a ceflitiea~e of authority signed by OK Presldtnt and Seeker of the Uion; ti said reprewtatives IO be po\ided board and lod~mg if available, on the Compxly premiw at the pnailmg con$actrale. We Uion shall fumjsh dx Company \rith a list of Union Ofitcea arA Representatives xtd shall amend theje lists as changer DCCUI. fie Company ill furnish a list of supznirory pmnnel to rhc Umon otIce zt the stan of le contract yes and amend it, ii squixd, at the erd of eachmonth. Tix am&d listaillshowMfeetivedateoi thechanges. Failure IO adviie the Union of sljth changer rill ML in any way affect the authority of Com~gsu~rviiors.

ARTICLE VIII.ADJLISTMENT OF GRIEVANCES - continued Vacation Pay shall be paid to eath employee by cheque to te issued at the time of 6.01 (a). termination of employment. OI at le employez’r option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation 1s takeh it time vacation aiih pay credits are @d, amounts a14 income tax deductions aill be WON ~pdy on the p3y sNb. SK her oiUnderstaAng . Vacahon Pay 6 01 !h). Each! % iwemtnt of Vacation Pay entitlesa employee IO ox [l)wk oitiie off. An employes \\ho has sorked continuously for one (I) year. must take his full entitlement IO nmc otY. at a hme or omesnisfactoq to himxlfard his supwr. ARTICLEYI . VACATION WlTH PAY. Continued An employee has the right to tie his full entitlement to time olT, whether or not he has worked contiiwuslg for one (I) year at a time or times satirfaclory to himself and his Slupe&ll. Effective date ofratificationemployets~ill receive an additional 520.00 per wk for each week of regular radon taken. excluding supplemental vIacation. EffectireSeptemkr I, 1999, increasetheS20.00 perwekto 540.00 per wk. Effective Seprember I, 2wO. iocrw the SJO.00 per week to SMJ.00 per week. Vzation ith pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. (a,) 4%ofgroir~ngsforemployeesloha\‘e~orkodlessUlan800days. (b.) 6%ofgrossearmngs for employees who have worked Mdaysormore but less than 2,ooO days. (cj 8% of graseamings for employees who haveworkeddl,C@J daysor more but less than 4$ways. (d.) IfI?/ of gross tings for employees who have worked 4,000 days OI more but less lhan 5,403 days. (e.) 12%ofgrosseamingsforemployeeswho haveworkedmorethan5,4&I days (f) Supplementary Vacation Gth Pay nho have stalked more than I,Mx) days for the Company shall receive thy IolloGng additional vacation in thecalendar year in \vhich they atin. Employees Age 60 I Week ( 2 % of gross eammgs) Age61 .2 \Veeks( 4 %ofgmsseamings) Age62.3 Weeks( 6 %ofgosseamings) Age 63 -4 Weeks (g %ofgrw earnings) Age64~~Weeks(lO%ofgrosseamings) .ARTlCLE VI. VACATION WITH PAY - Con!inued II is agreed tiw employs irilh waGon enlillemcnr Hill be encouraged ta unlize a scheduled vacalion pried shutdoi\n a~ pari of their vacation time emidement. Days aorked ior purposes of this Micle shall mean ail days worked, plus working days \rhich normally would have been worked but were ton as a tesuh ofsicbess or injy certified by a licenxd physician, der&!. or chiropmclor, plus llie ICIUI number of days on Union bus&, OK lelob training, vacalioh holidays ~iil pay, jy duty and bereavement leave III any calendar year. k employee ulto has eslzhlished ~niorily in accordance \rith &ion 12.02 of Micle XII sMl [eldin his accuwlaGon oiwice for his rare of r&on pay for as long as he retaim seniority righti il tie Company.

ARTICLE Xl. HOURS OF WORK -continued Employees &ho qualify under SecGon 12.02 shall be paid without the performme of work for Ihe follo\ring holidays. Ne\v Years Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labollr Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrancr Day, Christmas Day and Boxiig Day. Men anyohheatwe holidays fallson Saturday,it shallbeobwed on the preceding Friday and Me holiday iallson Sunday, it \vilI be obiened on the folloGng Monday. Employees aho ha\e accumulaled one hundred and lwenty (120) days seniority ill be granted INO (2) noatmg holidays per year Such holidays uill k tien al a time saGlory IO he employee and his suFn,iior. An employee who by reawn of layoff is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. The holidays. Daminion Day and Remembrance Day may be obwed on any such omer day as may be mutiiy agreed io by the wies IO this agnemenl. On ~$128” of exh lear, IIX company flag sMI bs flow a~ half.masl in recognition oftir aorken farally injured. In the tax of Good Friday, Viclotia Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Thtigivimg Day, Remembmnce Day holidays, qualiCed employees to be eligible for holidaypyay. mw wk their Iail \rork day or rhifl preceding the holiday ar,d be in camp ready for work at the SBII of their first nori; day or shift folio\Gng rhe holiday. ARTICLE Ml . HOLIDAYS WITH PAY -conCnued In the case of Labour Day, Chrisunas, Boxing Day and New Years Day, here will be a scheduledshutdowexcludingessenhal wices. It is agreed (ha1 dares \rill be arranged by the parties. Either pw may iniliale discussions al leasi hVo (2) weks prior IO the Miday. See Letter of Undersranding . Cluisimas Shutdow, Qualified employees 10 be eligible for holiday pay must work their 181 day or shift preceding Le holiday shutdow and be in camp ready for uork at Ihe SWI of Iheir firs1 work day or shiA folloaing Ihe holiday shutdow Nohvi#&rIding rhe precedmg it is further agreed lhal qualified employees shall receive pay for the holidays. (a). Where they have been laid off for lack of work in the thiny (30) days immediately preceding le holiday. \\%ere an employee {iho qualifies under Section 12.02 is obliged to cease work due to sickrw or acciderd remtied by a lice& praclilioner during the ti$ (IO) day pvicd immediately prior IO Ihe holiday. he shall receive holiday pay for rhe holiday(s) nitin such 30 day period. (c). Were a holiday or holidays occur during (heir absence from work on an autioized vacalian provided key ~etum lo work on time. ‘Ibe employee shall be emilled IO addiliona! time OM for any holidays occurring rvi~hin such vacation period. Mere for reason beyond an employee’s conkol he has no. been able to work on time he shall receive pay for the holidays. report IO ie) See Lener OFlJndenianding re. early deparwr. Mere an employee qualifies under &lion 12.02 and is recalled and works any time during the Id calendar day period immediately folloaing the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for rhe preceding holiday, In rhe special case of ChAmas. Boxing Day or h’ew Years holiday. a qualified employee \!$vho b requared and who bar been granted a leave of absence nor ,ARTICLEW. HOLIDAYSWTH PAY -continued more Ihan ten (IO) days More rhe holiday and wix RIW IO NOI~ from leave ofabipnce and is ready ta nokan he. nil1 be paid for tie holidays. Mere an emplayes is prevented by circumswxes beyond his contlal from returning IO workontime, he shall k paid for Ihe holidays. \Vnere m accordance wirh 7.03 Ihe scheduled Christmas, Boxing Day, New Ydr shuldow includes ths Gee (3) holidays, ti employee irho rrhuns 10 work from leave ofabweand is ready iorivoolkon lime \rill lx eligible iorpay for tie three(l) holidays. \VI~re an emp!oyes is preimvd by c~rcumstaxes beyond his conuol from returning 10 xork on time, he shall br paid for Ihz holidays. 7.06 (a). If qualified. a day %orker shall bz paid a days pay aI his or her regular rare, and a pieceworker a day’s pay al Ihe Feller Limber rake. for each holiday. Ilq3irisd. a day worker nho is reqquested 10 work on any holiday shall be paid a~ Ihe 7.06 (b). rate olrime and one.half his regular mle; double lime for all hours worked aHer hating \rorked eight (8) hours on ti holiday. In addirion he shall receive one days pay a~ such regular rale inlieuof beholiday. 7.36 (c), Pieceworkers shall 001 sork on holidays

Section 12.01 of this agreement. Employers accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed II is le mutual desire of !he parties hereto lhat complainis of employees bz adjtid as quickly a~ possible and iI is generally undearwzd lhar an employee has no grievance unlil he has given [ohis foremananopportunity 10 adja his complaint. 8.02 (a). The Union shall arrange for the eleclion from ils %orking membership at each camp, by the members Iherein. of a Union Grievance Commiitee of duee (3), headed by a Union Srewrd who shall acr ar spkaman lor lat commines. In dx absence of the Sleward the Company wll wognize a delegated rcem’wr of Ihe Grievance Comminee I spokesman lnunedia[ely after an elesrioh Ihe Union Grievance Con-&flee m ti camp \rill norib the foreman in wiling as IO Ihe names of Ihe Union Srewd and tit members oi lhe Union Grievance Committee elected and le foreman Hill ackno4edge in wiling he receip of such nalice. The Company foreman sMI not k required to rtiogmze eider the Union Srewd or rhe Union Grievance Committee uniil such time as rhir procedure is carried OUI. 8 02 (b). II is agreed lhar Ihere shall bs no discrimination exercised in any manner roeard fne Slewds or Cnion Griewe Commirree men or olher Union members.

Section 12.01 of Article SII to meet the Company’s labour requirements and if such OF GRIEVANCES - conrinued To be eligible for election as Union Stewed an employee musl have x.02 (c). eslablirhed seniority under Section 12.02 of Article XII. A gkwnce under the provisions of this Agreement is defined IO be any difference behvtin the parties or knveen the Company and employees covered by this Agxemen~ involving the interprewion. application. adtninisrrak or alleged vi&lion of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances a~ deiined above may be t&en by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representa~iw having jurisdiction direcdy to the employee’s immediate supervisor for adputmem ourside of uorking hours. No grievance shall be recognised unless rhis procedwe is followed. The grievance shall be prexnkd without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman tn accordance \\ith this procedure, in ariting will ix disposed of by the foreman. in wxing. Failing a satisfacfory adjustment within foriykght (48) hours, then. STAGE 2. The maner shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee andfor the Union Reprexntatwe with the District Logging Superintendent within ninetysix (96) hours in wiling on forms IO be supplied by the Union. The Dislrict Logging Superiaendent shall make a reply in wiling within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 Wilhin ten (IO) days the matter shall be taken up by oflicers of the Union and/or their rcpresentatws with the Manager - Logging Operations of the Company or his representative. The one excepGan to this procedure shall be in the special cast provided tier Section 8.08 of this Anicle. In this case the matter may be taken up by the employee himself, or with the knowledge and consent of the employee, by Union representatives by presenting the case to the Manager. Logging Opemions or his representative in writing. In either oi the above cases the Manager Logging Operations or his representak shall m&e a reply in witing within sew (7) days. Fading a saGsfaaory adjwment, then. STAGE 4 . nie maner shall be referred wilhin fifteen (IS) calendar days IO the General Manager . Forestry Diwsion or his representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union Presidenr or his representative. Either pany may request the presence of the President of the Northern Ontuio District Council of I. W. A. Canada, or his representative Failing a settlement with% fifteen (15) days then, pnor IO proceeding to kbitration, either parry may request rhe use of a mutually agreed IO Mediaror. the cost of whom nil1 be shared equaliy between the panics. The Company and the Union will adopt a mechanism IO provide an agreed upon list of preselected arbitrators to he used on a rotarionai basis for all arbitration cases.

ARTICLE XYl -WEEKLY INDEhMlTY OF GRIEVANCES - continued STAGE 5 . Eitiier puty may, Gthin the folloav~g tifteen (I 5) days refer the mancr fo Arbitratton. In Arbitratmn the Company and de Union shall each scIcct one ma; these two shzll sclcc~ a third pmy uho shall act as Chairman Either party shall appomt its nominee not later than tire (5) &ys after receipt of aritten nohce of the other pat+ nomination. The Arbitntmn Boards decision shall be tinal and binding on both panier to this Agreement. In the went oi he iailwe of the two (2) men s-elected by the respxtive partten to select a third party Q provided above. they shall ask the Provincial MinisQ of Labolu to appint 3 third paty Nothing hereto shall pretent the p&es from mulually agieemg to a sole ;ubitratar to arbitrate grievances aririnf out ofdlscipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret 4 apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only witb the specific quertmns as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add lo. or amend this Agreement. However, the hmction of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to cowdcr adjustments to individlLll job clasitications under Section 4.02 end rates for job clauiftcations under Sectton 4.03 and to revise the rates thereof. The Arbitrrtton Ooad shall base no power to dcclde questions involving general wage adjustmemi. Saturdays, Sundays. Statutory and legal holidays shall not be included in any time limits in this Anicle ofthe Agreement. A grieunce ansing from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspension by the Company WI un,et or contrary to lbe ternis of this Agreement. must be dealt \&+th in wiring by both put~cs. and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (IO) days tier the dixhvge or suspension becomes cflective. Where such an employee’s gtievance is not processed from the tint stage before he lewcs the camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In use ofdischarge, or suspension by the Company. the Company will immediately notify the employez in witingofthe rea~ln for such discharge or suspxruon A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward Gthin brsnyiour (24) hours. In the event tbat an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to hare ken unfairly discharged. or supnded by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee nilI be reinrtatcd on his job under termr and conditions decided by the Arbitntion Board. Each @y to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Doud selected by it or by the Minister of Labour. and shall share equally in tk fees ad epenses oithe third member of the Board. Gnewccs which iwok Company @icy in respect to tbe mterpretation. application, administntion or alleged violation of the Agreement may be proa.& commencing at Stage 1 of this griew~e proadore.

Article XII-B. lfthe Company has a grievance M defined in Section 8.03, II shall commence a, Stage 3 of this grievance procedure by the Manager Logging Operations or his representative presenting the matter in wiring to the “Dicers of Ihe Union. Failing satisfactory settlement witi sewn (7) days, then the matler shall be refened to the President of the Union or his represenra!ire by the General hfanager Fores0 Dil’ision, or his representalive. Failing a senlement v&in fit&n (IS) days, then either pq may within the following fifteen (I 5) days refer the maner 10 r\rbihalion. Non&standing the atwe. the time limits established in this Amcle may be wended ifmutually agreed upon by both parties.

 There shall be no strike caused, called, or supponed by the Unmn or its members. nor lockouls by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

 The Company agrees to discuss with Ihe Union in each pamcular operation. ways and means of improvmg conditions for all employees covered by this Agreement and also the interpretarion of this Agreement. It is agreed thaw present standards of service wll be maintained Ipith respect to transporration, medical service, laundry, and recreation. The Company agrees to provide adequate iacilities for the uansponatioo of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless mutoally agreed to. Ill.03 It is agreed Ihat the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively m improving safety and first aid practices. The Company and the Union a$ee to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least h\‘o (2) meetings of die Safety Committee each calendar qwter. The p&ion of Chairman shall alternate between a Company Chairman and a Union Chairman ‘IIe Chairman ofeach meeting shall make a repon. m triplicale with copies going to the Company omcc. the Union ofice and the Camp bulletin board, A member of the Cammillee is entitled to such time from his work as IS neceswy to artend meetings oflhe Commiltee. and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company ar the regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company, consistent \rith iu policy 10 promote and ensue the safety of ils employees, will not require an employee to work alone m an isolated area u&is such operalion is deemed safe. and frequent communiw~ion \&I such employee Gll be maintained by his supervisor on a scheduled bais. ARTICLF Y - W O R K I N G . L I V I N G CONDlTlONS conlmued I( is agreed [hat there shall be properly equipped first aid kits suficient for normal requiremenrs. located at 01 near all worksites and in all vehicles regularly used for the Iransporralion of men. Two (2) employees from each disuicl safety comminee ~11 be mined ar required under Bill Only facloo built vehicles shall be wd for the road transportation of men. Same to have adequaie seating accommodation. emergency cxu doors and equipped wilh racks for rhe safe carrying of 100!s and gasoline containers. Shelten shall be provided for employees at designated wailing places. such shelters IO have healing faulilies. The Company ~11. for the safely of its employees. have either communicarion or transportation available at designated wiling play. The Company ~111 provide radio communicalions on Ihe bus used to lmnspxl the employees from the marhalling paint IO Ihe workwe on tie West Branch commuter oF<m[ion. In respect to he Ramsey operalion. a Company Supervisor Gll exon the buses Uavelling 10 and loom tie camp and \$orksires. In circumstances where this may no, be pracdcal. any inegultity from normal bus arrival wll be immediately inwsligaM HELICOPTERS. AIR TRAlr’SPORTATlON Refer 10 Leuer of Llndcrslanding It IS agreed lhal Ihe Company rrill manlain goad conditions in respect to cleanliness. saniwion and health. Employees living and sewice ~UIWJ~ will be washed and dirinfrcted at IGW once each wxk. The Company MII conlinue to provide improved camp facilities, Including recreaGonal n~rns f&ilh a T.V. set \%herc T.V. programmes are receivable and will provide separate drymg scans. wash rcans. Inside toilets and showers. A lock up storage gyp locker !cill be provided for each mu in hlr bunkhouse. Separate ra.niMion hcdilies xill be prouded for ca~cring staffs. All camps shall have one tier smgle kdr al lea 36” m width spaced 38” apart. All mattresses shall k either air foam, plaslifoam or spring filled. In consuuclion of 3, CMP CONDITIONS -continued new camps, the Company agees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms having no me lhanhvO(2)emplOyeesper rem. The Company agrees lhat per1 con~l measures 41 be tied out in the camps and in the camp arear as and when required. The Company Gil look into possible remedial measures 10 alleviate the sandfly problem at all camps. All lunch shack screening will be maintained in good repair and p”sl control equipment made available. All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where praclical. The Company shall provide Ihc Union Steward in each operaling camp wilh a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. All main bunkhouses aill be provided \\ih drinking foun!&s and paper drill&cups. The Company will install ice machines in the camp at Ramsey and Camp 12. In cold weather, Ihe Company will provide facilities to assip in starring employee’s cars parked in Ihe camp lots. Car plugins and electicig shall be provided for employees in all camps. Air conditioning units Gll be installed in cookeries. Al each operaring camp, a sepmte suibble and heated building shall be provided for the repair and storage of power saws. Said building also to contain sufficient leek-up type lockers for storage, work bench, vise and chain breaker. Compressed air ill be provided in fie power saw and repair building. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living andior service quartets Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include fresh fruits, vegehbles and greens. 4. KITCHENS. continued Refrigeration ~ill bz provided for all puishable food. as required. in all operating camps. All perishable food staffs shall be handled in a saniw manner during transporcalionat all times. The Company will continue IO supply butter al meals to employees Fruit juicer shall be supplied at all meals, scrvd in conlainers, allowing self s&e for consumption at the able. Fresh milk shaIl ix supplied at all meals and coflee times in thecookery Each man shall pack his o\m lunch, unless other mutual arrangemenls have been made. nie preparation of lunches shall be supwised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for wapping of Ion&s The lunch lable shall include a variety of cooked mea& and fresh fruit. here shall be coffee breaks in the morning, aflemwn, and in the evening; coffee, c&es and lunch to bz provided by de Company and served in the cookery. During \vork hours coffee breaks shall be on Company lime. IIx Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with whire aprons, on loan and other suitable uniform appaxl at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. Washing machine facilities till be supplied for the use of the cwkery pcrsorwl. The Company still provide free insurance coverage against IOS by fue of employees personal Mongings and loss by tire or theft of employee oxned power saws a~ full replacement value IO a maximum orhvo thousand five hundred dollars (S2,SOO.oO) and !&ill provide additional free iwwnce coverage agaisl loss by fire or thefl of tradesmen’s 1~4s normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such twls while on Company property or work shes. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and twls shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safely wilbin the control of the Company. Damage IO employee owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire wilfully or tbmugh gross negligence will MI be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable xrangemems for protection againsl theft of employee owed power ws will be made at camp lwel khan the Compuy and the Union. Company will agree to implemenl a weekly pay commencing first week in January, 1989. Discussions ill be held with the local union grievance committee to review the procedure we will follow. Pay will be distibuled afier4.00 p,m. ‘I&day. Interim advances will lx made only in inslances of evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on a Friday payday, paymenl will be made on Thursday of lhal week. In instances of authorised extended leave of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employee’s payroll credit. A Tie and Earnings statement \rill be provided to each employee for each pay pciiod. This sllement will carry complele detail ofrates of pay, hours worked. earnings accrued, vacation pay credit and deductions covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes !rill be posted in each camp Where twenwfour (24) hours nolice of termination of employment by the Company or lhe employee is rendered lix Company agrees lhat every reasonable effori will be made to make a full selilemenl witin hvenly-four (24) hours aRer such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. ‘Ike Company will provide each pieceworker wilh a minimum of one (I) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips will lx given 10 each pieceworker at 1-t 48 hours prior IO lhe wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following informalion where applicable . buti size and species as outlined on page 37138, or number of pieces (we length), riding andlor walking bonus, footage of strip or main road cut, and poor bush bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operatorofequipment is required by the Company IO do a mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such to& as are required on loan All tools and equipment not rehuned will be charged for in full. Worn out or bmken bxds will be replaced with serviceable r&s Eree ofcharge, provided that the worn out or broken tools arc returned. No person shall be required 10 own or rent any tools or equipment, as a condilion of emplo)menl, unless otherwise specified in lhis Agreement. Pieceworkers and others using pwer saws till be provided with free chain saw tiles in addition to other hand tools and equipment required on tie job, and will be issued, on loan, Ihe following. I. Light metal paw saw wedges, same to be replaced when rehuned in a !voom oul or broken condilion. 2. One (I) safety type gawline container 7. COMPANY SUPPLIED EQUlPhlENT . continued 3. One (I) fueex!inguisher(chemical ~pc). The Company agrees to slack safety type power saw chains and chain repair kib, consisting ol spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees al lhe invoiced cost IO Company. 8. S A F E T Y E~liIPhiENT The Company futher agrees lo sell lo employm safety pants at hvelve dollars (Sl2.00) t&v.cost price 10 Le Company and safety boaa at fony (540.00) below the cost pn’ce to Ihe Company, effeclive Seplember I, 2000 increze safety boots subsidy to foQ.five dollars (s4S.M) peel pair, maximum hvo (2) pairs per year. below cosl price lo the Company and safety gloves and mins to power saw opsmtors and to persons handling cable, at wen dollars (17.00) below cost price IO the Company. ‘Ihe wwing of SaTely equipment and apparel will nm become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory wder Govemmcnl legislation. 9. TRANSFERS CAhlP TO CAMP The Company agrees lo provide free tiampotition to all employees who are uansfened from camp to camp at the Company’s request or in the exercise of seniority under he Iemu of Article XII Seniority. Effective dale of mtifieaiion Ihe employees shall have the option ofusing lheii own vehicle for transportation. In such caw the employee shall Arst noMy Ihe Company of his inlenlmns to do so and shall be paid 25 cents per km. for using OM vehicle. Schedlded working time IOSI % a result of such lransferr shall be paid for at tie regular suaight time nres for dapvorkers and Ihe Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding nle per day for pieceworkers and normal travel lime, outside an employees scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maGmum of 8 hours al Ihe ngular slight time rale for dayworkers and dx above rate for picceworkcrs. Refer 10 Lener of Understanding. Rr. Hours of Work. 10. hlECHANIC FIELD PAY (a). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage shall receive 508 per hour in addition IO the applicable hourly [ale. (bj, Tradesmen and helpers assigned IO a main camp garage required to perform work of their lrade away from a main camp garage will be paid 50$ per hour in addhion 10 the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away from the main camp garage. (c), Tradesmen and helpers assigned 10 work in the yard of the main camp garage for one (I) full shift or more will be paid 506 per how in addifion 10 Ihe applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard. Il. COVEIULW The Company will supply mechanics, welders, and machinists suitable coveralls and provide for laundering the same, two per week, free of charge. Sez Lefler oflntent anached (re. Climatic Controls).

 I I.01 (a). The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday 10 Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shill workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday IO Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Sahwiay inclusive or for ten (IO) horn shifts Monday to ‘flusday or Tuesday IO Friday. The work week for pieceworkers shall be fony (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled 10 work in day work jobs on the day shiR Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed lhat day work or shift \vork employees may lx required IO work in excess of their regular work day or shill or work week and till be paid in accordance wih Snlion I I.05 [a) for such lime worked. If an employee requests lo be excused from working overtime, permission till no1 Lx unreasonably itield. For the p”pose of this agreement Sunday, a paid holiday and the “sixth day” I I.01 (b). (Saturday or Monday) shall begim at 7.&l a.m. lhat day and end at 790 a.m. the day following.

 Tb.e Iwork day or shift shall consist of eight (8) conseculiw hours imeen the II.02 (a). hours 017.Ml a m. and 5% p.m,, m&me excepted. The night shifr shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours behwen the hours II.02 (b). of 7.00 p.m. and 540 a.m., mealtime excepred. However. it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, al the request of Ihe employees or the Company. and by mutual agreement be scheduled IO commence prior to 7.00 p.m. in accordance \\ith the provisions of II.03 (b). During the period oi Uay I to September 30. IWO shift scanficatian Il.02 (C). oprations may commence at 6.00 a.m. A night shift diKerential of fifty4ve terns ($35) per hour shall be paid in I I .03 (a). addition ro the regular raw for all night shjft aork effective dare of raljficanon, increases to fifty-six (SS6) per hour On other rwshih operations the first shall consist of eight (8) consecutive Ii.01 lb). hours, mealtime excepted. and shall commence al 7.W a.m. or after, the wand shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive how, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7~00 p.m, and shall wry a shiti differential of fifty&e cents (US) per hour. Effective date of ralificanon, mcrea.ses IO fifty-six cents (S.56) per how. Il.03 (c). On a three-shift operation. the shifts shall bs eight (8) consecutive hours Ihe starring and stopping umes for the ~hrce (;) shifts and the shift difierentials to be paid, shall be -5 idi0\r3 Starting Tie (bn\een the hoursof) Istshift 2nd shiti 3rd shift Stopping Time (benwn Ihe hours 00 7a.m.. gam. 3 p.m. 4.p.m. I I p.m. I2 a.m. 3 p,m, . 4 p.m. 1lp.m. 12am. lam. 8a.m. 2nd Shift. S.J5 per hour. 3rd Shift S.65 per hour. Shift Differential ISI Shift, %I. Effective date ofratilication 1st SMM. 2nd Shift. S.56 per hour. 3rd Shift. 5.68 per hour. The how of work and the “sixth day” far dayworkers and shift workers 11.03(d). shall be pasled an Thursday of the previous xeek. The wrting and slopping limes shall remaii constant and fwd during the xeeeekly period subject Ia the fallowing. (see Letfer of Understanding). I, k employee mry no1 change shihs during the week eaeept ivhen his shift schedule ischanged by theCamvy. Men anemplagee’sshift~hedule is changed by Ihe Company he Gll be paid at one and onehalf limes his regular rare far the ftst still worked tier the change. Men the employee revem 10 his original shift he shall be paid at his regular s~aighl time rate praisided that there is a break of al lea51 eigL (8) hours khwI shif~warked. ?. ‘he Company and the Union agree IO exrend the suing lime inrenal from the presenr one hour IO a maximum of IWO hours. The extended interval ~1111 only be used \vhere it is beneficial IO Ihe operalions and the Company dll endea\four 10 keep the swing time inlen*al to one hour or less If an employee. who has campleled his scheduled work week is required II.03 (e). iar work an his “six$ day” or Sunday, such overtime shall be posled an lhe preceding Thwday. If he is available far the posred avenlme work at rhe regular slarting lie and is unable 10 commence aark far reasons beyond his can$al. he shall receive 4 hours’ pay at the applicable aretime we as spxilied in Section Il.05 (a) provided he remains available far Ihe four hour period if so requested by Ihe Company. A day or shiR xarker, who is unable ta work the full day or shifl for I I.04 (a). rea.sans beyond his canual,shall be paid far one.halfday if he \varks less than four (4) hours, and far a full day if he works mare lhan four (4) hours A bee lengtb pieceworker who will lose more than one hour work far reason of failure of Ihe Company 10 supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours last in excess of one (I) how al Ihe feller, limber, rree lengrh skidding rate, provided he repons to Ihe supenisor, remains available and accepts alremate work ifsa requested by Ihe Company. RAINY DAYS . The company agrees that a decision will be made at the \rork site upon ad for work an rainy days. In the care of time 10s~ in excess of one (I) hour for reason of lack of arsignnenl to a tuning area andior lime required in excess of one (I) how 10 travel from oae assigned cutnng area 10 anacier, payment shall be made far all hours lost. A day or shift worker \vha reports for work at his scheduled Ming lie Il.tN(b). and is unab!e ta commence .vork due ta reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available far two (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences regular work \vhen conditions pennit. If regular or alternate Hark commences in the first half of the shift an the fust or subsquenr days, the ahove paymenr shall not be made and the provisions of Section IIN (a) v,ill zpply. Should the employee \\ork any of the hours in the second half of the shift he shell receive four (4) hours pay far such hours. ‘The Company will commence regular aork 8 swn as conditions pmi~. When the providing of alternate Bark nccessitatcs a change in shift, the time and onehalf provisions of Section I I.01 (d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hams between Mrs. XotGthsmnding the provisions above goveming payment at’ four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made far the second and subsequenf consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no xork is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to on employee he may exercise his seniority \rithm the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of hvo days notice. If he does exercise his seniorit)’ aithin the camp unit end displaces another employee. the displaced employee shall be lid offand paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu oftwo days notice. In neither cne may any such empioyee be pnnirted ta exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day followmg the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take a lea\e of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article. he ihall be pmtitted ta exercise his seniority an his return ta \sork. Notiftcation and reporting procedures shall be established locally. I I.05 (a). Time worked in esccss of eight (8) hours per day or shifi end all hours wofked by sn employee on Sunday, an his designated “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) or outside his scheduled shift sinall be paid for at the rareoftime andone-half. Double time \\ill be paid after ergnt (8) hours of work on an employees dcsignsted srarh day (Saturday or hlondqj and Sunday. Ovetiime work required in a camp unit \\ill be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among le employees in the camp unit who non~lly perform the work in the classifications requiring Ihe ovenime. For calculating o\‘ertime pay shitl differenlials shall nor be considered I pan ofan employee’s applicable hourly rafe. Employees in the classifications specilied below may be required to work 11.05(b). in excess of eight (8) hours pi day or shift and forty (40) hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the arher provisions of Article B. (a). Cook (b). Baker (c). Second Cook (d). Cookee (e). Chore boy (I) Watchman For employees in the job clarrifica\ions listed above the hours of work per day or shifi and per \veek till be scheduled as follows. I. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) conse&e hours, meallime excepted. However. the work day or shift of eight (8) hours may be scheduled in any hvelve (12) hour period divided into not more than 2 ~ULS provided there is a beak ofat lew eight (8) hours behveen shifts worked. ‘Ihe scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) conwmive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. 2. Tie worked in excess of outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week and all hours worked on his “sixth da? (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rateof time and one.half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably wilhheld. An employee in Ihe above listed classifications who is unable IO work the Full day or shift for reasons beyond his contlol, shall be paid for one-halfday ifhe is available at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day ifhe remains available for the stari of the second half of his scheduled shifi. The scheduled hours pr day or shiti shall be posied on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shjft for the “sixth day” or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain futed during rhe weekly period subject to the following. . an employee may not change shXt.s during the week except uhen his shift schedule is changed by the Company. Men an employee’s shih schedule is changed by the Company, he till be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to hjs original shift he will be paid at his regular soaight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his “sixth day” or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum ofeight (8) hours work and be paid at time and one.half provided he remains available ifso requested by the Company. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifrcatiom lhey shall be paid a shift differential of fifty-five cents (SSl) per hour for each second shift worked. Effective date of ratification 1 increased to frfty.six cents (S6r3 shall be maintained. The preznt standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen Walking Distance andlor Riding Time shah not be considered as time worked. Walking distance and riding time shall be paid for as stipulated in the \Valking Disranceand Riding Timesectionofthewageschedule ofthis agreement. An employee, who is called out for tvork after completing his day or shift, or more than one (I) hour before the start of the day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less man four (4) hours pay at straight tiie. When thecallout for work is withintheone(l) hour period prior to the startofhisday or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of the day or shift. Mere the employee continues to work into his day or shift, Ihe provisions of Section Il.05 (a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours of work exclusive of the time worked prior to his starting tiie. An employee who is called out for work on his “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in I I.05 (b) from the starting time of the call out. but in no we shall he receive less than four (4) hours at the rate of time and one.half. The Company recognizs the principle of seniority. Senioriv will govern subjecr to reasonable consideration of skill, elliciency and abiliv, in promolions. transfers. layoffs and recalls alier lay&. The present seniority list is frozen as of July I, 191s and in future date of hire shall be the basis ofcalculating seniority. An employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shall accrue senioriv ahile on such leave of absence. An employee \tho has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not excceding eleven (II) months. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has wrked thirty (JO) days within a six month penod. Thereafter Article 12.01 shall apply, and the employee shall be credited with thirty (30) days ofaccrued seniority. 12.03 (a). Subject to the memorandum of understanding seniority will be applied on a company-wide basis in recalls. promotions, transfers horn camp to camp and layoffs. Men layolfs are required due IO the completion of searonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected !&ill be permitted to exercise hjs seniority and tmnsfer to a job for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with Section 12.04, he adviser the Company, prior to the elTective date of the advance notice and in wiling on forms to be supplied by the Company, of his desire IO transfer or to be laid off, The Company will provide rhe Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list of jobs filled by employees with less seniority than rhose employees given notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are wasioned by Ihe completion of wsonal activities. company-wide seniority ill be applied only when operations continue in orher camps for more rhan (I) week, otherwix the camp will be the unit ofapplication ofseniority on seawnal layoffs. 12.03 (b). In transfers from one job classilication to another, senior emp!oyees shall receive firs1 consideration. In such cases. an employee shall receive the rare for Ihe job to which he is transfened. In case of a temporq change to a lower job classilication, the employee shall retain therateofhis previousjobclassitication. For determining the rateof pay for piecewrkers transiened IO day work, the rate @tied the Feller.Limber. Tree Length Skidding shall apply. or the rate oithe job classification which ever is higher. Employees accepung a job postmg shall remain in that job for a minimum ol three (3) months from the date he is qualitYed unless displaced from the job because of layoii or bumping procedure. An employee may post irom a camp to a commuter operation during the three (I) month period. The Company, when filling vacancies, wll do so from aithin the I?.01 (c) bargaimng unit in accordance with Article XII. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletm board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however. that temporary appointments may be made wrthout pxting ior tilling ~acanctes ofless than NO (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs uill be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of tive (5) \\orkmg days prior to any appointment to such jobs statmg the normal job requtrements. Employees shall not be considered for such jobs unless they apply in witing within this five (5) day penod. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of

 tiue(5) work days in !rhich to qualify (or a further time as may be mutually agreed if additional training is required). Failure of any employee to qualify shah entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and the newly created jobs. h job duratton postmg of up to three months may be posted as a temporary vacancy. This pasting may be extended upon the mutual agreement of the parttes. Once the project is complete, the employee will return to this previous posttion. h job that becomes vacant because the mcumbent has had to vacate it due 12.03 id). to sickness or Injury, vacation, berea\,ement leave. jury duty, and/or a leaYe of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) and the job posting ~111 note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit at’ applicatron of seniority on remporT vacancies is the camp. In the event that vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be frlled on a company-nide hasrs. The employee \!ho had occupied the job upon his return to \$ork shall once again occupy the job that he filled prior to \~acattng for any of the reasons set forth above provided Howew, that the job is still in elTecr and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of layoff from his former job has exercised his seniorily on this particularjob In case of layoff which is to exceed IWO (2) working days the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Commiltee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of layoff as possible. W?wn the approximate time of the recall is known at the time of layofi employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that time. But in any case, “once in witing will be sent IO an employee al his given address at least fourieen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will b-e required ro acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in witing. The Company agrees IO submit IO the Union ofice by April 30” of each year. an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees cowed by this agreemenr. shawing their hiring date following their last break in seniority and the Company seniority m days as specified in SecGon 12.01, as at March 31”, of the same year. The list will show, in addition, each employee’s occupation and address. A list shall be prepared for and be posled in each camp and its contents shall be available to all employees in camps, showing their seniority standing. Tne list shall b-e brought up IO date af the end ofeach month. An employee who has established senionty in accordance with Section 12.02 of this article shall retain such seniority for twentyfour (24) momhs during layoK Employees with tive (5) years or more of cominuous service will retain recall rights for a period of thirty-six (36) momhs following dale of lay.off. An employee who quits of his own accord or is discharged and not reinstated. or fails to report IO work following recall as provided in Sechon 12.05 of this arricle shall automatically lose all seniomy. An employee who fails IO return from leave of absence on the date specified shall lone his seniority unless his return to work on time is pre\semed by circumsfances beyond his comrol. Any employee promoted or transferred lo a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall continue to accrue seniority for a period nor exceeding thirty (30) days in any calendar year and will retain the total accrued seniontg for a period not exceeding eleven (I I) months from the date of promotion or lransfer and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisions of this article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. Supervisor)’ personnel who are generally employed on seasonal operations and who have nol acquired seniority, in accordance with this article, may be placed on jobs listed in the bargaining unit during the olYseason. provided that this does not interfere with the application of seniority of any employee. Such personnel shall apply for Union membership prior to being placed on the job and mainusin their Cnion membership in good standing. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment, atfected employees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with

 employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively they shall be trained by the Company When jobs are diseonrinued, due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs in accordance with Article Ml. If an employee requires training to perform the alternate job effectively, he Gill be trained by the Company, provided the job he has applied to be trained for, is expected to last for a penod of three (3) months or more. It is understood that this does not apply to seasonal layoff. Severance Pay . Effective date of ratification an employee with three (3) or more years of service for whom no job is available because of mechanisation, technological changes or automation can upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one week’s pay for each year of completed sewice since the last date of hire. Swerance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty (JO) hours at the employee’s regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employee trho chooses IO receive the werance allowance shall be deemed IO have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee’s name !\jvill be removed from the senionty list.

 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the approval of the camp foreman before such posting.

 14.01 (a). Effective first of month following date of ratification. for each employee who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII the Company agrees to pay the premium for Blue Cross or its equivalent and semi-private hospital care plans. Tne Company contnbutlon to employees \vho are off \\ork due to a Workplace Safety & Insurance Board claim or a short term disability claim \\ill be continued for a period of up ro txelvr (12) months. If the Company’s cantibution exceeds the premiums required for medical, surgical, drug and hospiral care places, the balance \cill be applied to such other employee benefits as may be agreed upon behveen the Company and the Union. Pending arrangement between the Company and the Union as to the application of contributions over and above the premiums required, such addilional monies will be paid direct to the employee. The Company Gll cominue coverage for the laid.off employee IO the end of the month foilo\\~ng month oflay& ‘IIe Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for complelion of medical certificate required IO support a claim for benelits pursuant to the Weekly or Long l’eerm Disability Plans. Such paymenl shall be to a maximum amoum of $25.00 per cenilicate and aill be i&ted upon presentalion of a receipt fromtbeanending physician Effective September \, 1999, the Company will cow the cost of 1491 (b) chiropracdc service to maximum of $15.00 per visit IO a yearly maximum of $90.00 per f&y member.

 The Company will provide S50,CCil of Life insurance for each employee while actively employed. Effective fiat ofthe month following date ofratificarron SSO.OtM Gill increase to $55.000. The cost to the employee will not exceed .30$ per $1,000 per month. For employees not actively at work on that date the increase in insurance will becomeeffective on the date he returns to active employment.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of \Veekly Indemnity Insurance Plan The Plan will provide seventy percent (70%) of Weekly earnings forty (40) hours times an employee’s regular rate and pieceworkers forty (40) hours times tie feller. limber and tree length skidding hourly rate) up to a maximum of five hundred and forty (SS40.00) per week, for an employee who commences \reekly indemnily on or after the ftrst of the month following date of r&cation. Weekly Indemnity will commence on the first day in case of a noncompensable accident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to sickness or on the dare when admitted to a hospital within the tirsi three (3) days of illness and will continue for the period ofdisability up IO a mwmum of tifty-wo (52) weeks. Effective the frst of the month iollowing ratification, for all new claims employees actively at work, amend. The Plan to provide maximum weekly benelit to $550.00 per week. Effective September I, 1999. for all new claims increase maximum to SS60.00 per week Effective September I, ?OOO, for all new claims increase maximum to 1570.00 per week The Company will provide a Long Term Disability Plan The Plan forms part of the agreement and is attached hereto as Appendix “ii”. The premium cost of the Plan will i-x borne by the Company. Remove maximum benefit. When death occurs to a member of an employee’s inimediate family, that is an employee’s father, mother, wife, husband, brother, sister, children, grandparents, motherGt.law, father&law, brother-inlaw. sister.in-law, son&law, daughter-in-law, and grandchild, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers eight (8) lies the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. In the case of death of spouse or children the employee will be granted five (5) days leave with pay. Any claims for bereavement pay will lx submitted by the employee IO the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee’s immediate family. It is understood that for purposes of this Article step-relatives will be constdend the same as blood relatives. In the case of an employee who is called for jury service, or subpoenaed in a coun of law the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference behveen eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time hourly rate (Pieceworkers eight (8) hours pay based on the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jy service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received lherefore when making his claim for such allowance. -2a-

 The Company will provide a denral plan, wirh parficipation compulsov for all employee on the following basis. El&bil& Ptiiciparion in this plan is limited to employees who ha\,e accumulated sixty&e (65) daysofseniority with the Company. Plan Design (a.) Service and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. Basic Plan and Rider No. I. Maximum $I,500 per calendar year per person. (b) Service and benefits as provide in Blue Cross Rider No. 2 Effeclive September I , 1997, p r o v i d e f o r 1996 O.D.A. schedule fees. Effective on Ihe first of the month following ratification, amend the Plan to provide for the applicarion of 1997 O.D.A. schedule of fees Effective September I, 1999 provide for 1998 00~. schedule fees Effeclive September II 2000 provide for 1999 O.D.A. schedule fees Company will pay increase premium for this coverage. Ii is understood and agreed lhar the Plan will provide for Ihe con(inualian of coverage for the period an employee is off work due IO layoff or leave of absence, but in no case beyond Ihe end of Ihe month following the month in which such absence commenced. 1 .idministration lie Plan \\ill be administered in accordance \vith an appropriate contract or set of procedurrs reflecting the Plan design outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle irom among servtcc carriers insurance companies or self.admiistration \will be made by the Company on the basis oi appropriate study of these altemalives. 1. Premiums The premium cost of this plan shall be paid by the Company. The Plan will not provide like benefits where such are currently being provided by federal ot provincial legislation. If during me life of this agreement federal or provincial governments shall introduce legislation IO provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits A R T I C L E Xl- VfSWi CARE P L A N The Company will provide a {ision care plan which will provide for expenses incurred by an amount and/or his covered dependents when prescribed by a physician or optometrist as follo\vs. Frames, lenses and the tit@ of prescription glass including contact lenses up to a total payment oione hundred and twmy4ire dollars (S125.W) per family member in any two 12) consecutive calendar years. Increase IO one hundred and iorty dollars (Sl40.00) per family member in any t\vo (2) consecutive calendar years. Efkctive September I, 2000. the benefit amount 4 be increased to one hundred and titii dollars (51 WtO) per insured family member in any MO (2) consecunve calendar year period. Effective date of rarification, one cenr SO.01 per regular hours worked for 22.Ol each employee shall be paid 10 the Union oflice in order to pay for educational needs of the employees. EffectiveSeplember I. 1999, increase 10 $0.02 per regular hour. Effective September 1.2000. increase to PO.03 per regular hour. A HOURLY RhTES Seot.l.1998 Sept.i.1999 Sept.1.2000 11cQo ilW0 b’echaozalSkidder Grapple Fe’ler Buncher Operalcr hlechanral Deiimtw Operalor Truck Owei. Rock Truck Crier. TR TruckOr&r. FM Truck Dri,iel TiL Sell Leader Tiuck tlraer Gravel Franl End LaaderOpera!ors l-B 0,s~ Trencher Operalor f?tl!dazerOperalor R ttb idozer Operalot B T;ee!eng.h Loader Backhoe OW&r +d Coos!rucl~n Car Alal Prenllce operam GraderOperatci &II Ccok Cwk(20t) Cook(l-201 Cooke Handyman LatOUW ‘Walct,man Camp I!echanlc Led !techmc C’dss’A’ !,lechar;cClass’A-,’ ?kchan>.C!asr -1. I.!echanlc Cl%"2 We!dei Class “A25563 W&f Class~2 ~Ve.derClasr”l” 2s 495 !‘Celder Lead x.445 Pi Prod -cSt & Limb PJ Prod. Fultree Pvi Plod. Cut & Limb PI Piti. Cu! 8 Lmb FireFlghler 15 ice 15iao Sludent Carp. 15oM 15.ow Hourly Rates - Adjustments-Reflected in wage schedule rin employee who is assigned to train another employee shall be paid his regular rate plus thiny cents (IO,!) per hour during the training asngnment. Pieceworkers shall be paid at the feller.limber rate plus thirty cents (301) per hour. It is agreed that incentives may be applied in conjunction with the above daily rates which pertain to mechanicaloperarionr. A day woriiter using power sau at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of Effective date of ratilication, II 1.00 per 8 hour day or shift when felling and limbing. Effective date of raritication, 512.00 per 8 hour day or shift bucking at a landing on a skidding operaiions. If he is unable to work the full day or shift for when he works less than four (4) hours and a full day’s lemal when he works more than four (4) hours. General \Vae;e Increase Effective September I, 1998 Effective September I. 1999 Effective September I( 2000 Reforeslalioo Wage Schedule Increase all hourly rates Effective September I, 1998 . Effective September I. 1999 Effective September I. 2000 - Effective September I, 1978 a supplement ofseventythree cents (S.73) per hour fill be paid to pieceworkers. C. PIECEWORK RATES-Cutting and Piling loo” Rough Spruce 6. Balsam IW” Peeled Spruce g. B.&m 100” Rough Poplar IMJ” PeeledPoplar Iw” Rough Jack Pine If the tuner is required to pde IWO species separately, an addinonal twelve cents (126) per cord wll be pad on all wood xparawd. For Slrip cutters. a bonus of Sl.64 per cord will be paid on each consecmive 660 feet of strip running under I! cords per acre, and on such portions ofrtrip less Ihan 660 feet in length. For strip cutters, a bonus of 52.73 per cord will be pald on each consecutive 660 feet of stnp running under 7 cords per acre, and on such poeion ofstips less than 660 feet in length. PIECEWORK CtiT .GiD SKID TREE LENGTH I. Cut and Skid Tree Lcn.ah Rates. per wee lengh piece. bun diameter measure as per attached schedule The Company \!ill supply each CICM’ with a skidder aith winch. fuel and skidding equipment. No cuing bow to be pald in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to b-z paid in addition to the scheduled rates. Supplement of wemy-three cents (.73c) per hour will be paid in accordance with

 2. Measurement Bun diameter measure IO be made in accordance wh Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to be clearly marked on each butt by the scaler. The number of employees in each cut and skid cren shall not exceed 2 employees at any ume 4. Skidding Distance Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 ft. for a three (I) man crew skidding tree length, Skidding dis!ance shall not exceed 900 Ii for a two (2) man crew skidding uee length or full tree when skidway placement not adjacent IO a road. Skidding distance shall not exceed 1.200 feet for a hvo (2) man crew skidding tree length or whole uee IO a road. 5. Sorting Bonus When at Company request. the crew is required to sort wad 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. 6. Walking and Riding Time Payment for Walking and Riding Time sMI be computed in accordance with Section F of rhe Wage Schedule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). 7. Skidway Preparation Where skidway sites are prepared by the crew. 5% of base earnings will be paid. Cl SEPTlM Ia SPRd SPRb 13w SEPTii99 SEPT.lIW 5x18 a.078 a280 ai04 la032 a238 eaoa a.444 9.02a a697 wiio la563 196w 25 a79 26 aat 27a7I 156a7 1716-i a0 a2 la.420 CUT a SKID SPR,.s SEPTl199 w a099 35.8c.s 47a46 80 a94 F. WALKIXG DISTAKCE Ah’D RlDlNC TIME \Vhzrc a da)- wxken ira\rllmg lime Tom camp ro uorking place is campriwd of riding a&o. walking rime, he shall lx paid for all travelling lime in CWS of one. half hour each way a~ his regular rate ofpay. \Vkre a precewrker’s uavelling wne from camp 10 working place is comprised of riding and~or Iulking time. he shall ix paid for all Iravelling lime in excess ofonehalf hour each nay at the ieller. limb-x rare. For (he purpose oi ttns agreemcnr, it is agreed rhar pieceworkers and day norken ~111 walk ar Ihe rare oi3 mles per how. For Ihe purpose oi this agreemen! a sticked cord of eight foot (Sq rough pulpaood shall be 50’4 loo” a 4’. a srxkedcardofpeeled pulpwcd shall be IW’ I Q? x t. H. SALVAGING PtiLPWOOD ON ROAD RlGHT.OF-WAY Rate pr cord J. COblhlNERS The Company and Il;e Union agree rhat commurer operalions shall be carried out by !he Company on rhe iollwing rerms and condilions. (I.) Commuwr ax employees who. Are residsnr sithin reasonable riding a&or walking diriance of rhe area ofcprations,and (b) \VIo ax nor provided board and lodging by the Company. (2.) (a.1 iin employee who is nor a rcridenl wirhin reasonable riding and/or nnlkhg distar,ce on a commuter operation, uho ewxes hrs seniori~ m accordance wh hnicle XlI on rhir operalion, shall reccwc. 510.47 per da). In lieu of being provided board and lodgq m a camp for each da) [hat he is abailable for .vork as per his scheduled wrk week (including owrime days). He shall conrmue to receive Ihe commurer aliowce for Ihe term oflhe agreementor unlil such rime rhar. (i-1 He retw in accordance wil tie provision of Ariicle XII, Seniority, 10 employment m a camp where board and lodging is made awlable 10 him. If an employee, who is not a resident widlin reasonable riding andfor walking distance of a commuter operatmn. elects not IO Ii\\ a job vacancy of equal or water slams in a camp operation, or on a commw operation oFwhich he is a resident, and which he is qualified in accordance with Article XII IO occupy, he ~41 Meit the commuter allowance as per Micle 2 (a) above, for rhe remaining penod he continues IO be employed on lhir commuter operation. He has established himself as a resident of the pmicuiar commurer operalion. (ii.) (iii.) (b.) He is laidoffin accordance with the provisions of Arncle XII. Seniority. A new employee who is not a resident and \&ho is hired to work in a commuting operation. shall receive SlO.47 per day in lieu of providing board and lodging in camp for each day [hat he is available for work as per his scheduled work week (including ovrfiime days) up to 100 days or umil such rime that. He is employed in accordance silh the provision of A\rticle XII, Seniority, in a camp where board and lodging is made available 10 him. If an employee, who is no1 a resident within reasonable riding an&or \walking disrance of a commuter operation, elects no1 IO MI a job vacancy of equal or greater stanu in a camp operation, or on a commurer operarion of which he is a residenf and which he is qualified in accordance \rGh Article XII to occupy, he will forfeit the commuter allowance as per Anicle 2 (a.) &we, for the remaining period he continues to be employed on this commuler operalion. (c.) (ii.) He has established himself as a resident of IhaL particular commuting axa of operalions. (Iii.) He is laid ofl in accordance wilh the prowions of tiicle XII, Seniorily. An employee from a camp operation, or from a commuter operalion which he is a resrdcnr, exercising his seniority 10 a joi, of equal s!a~u.s in accordance Grh Article XII on a job posting and by so doing becomes a oanrwdent of a commurer operation, ~111 noi be eligible for the commuter allowance as pu Article 2 (a.) above. roe Company ~111 arrange IO provide free rraosportation f r o m a desrgnared marshailmg paint or pints. 10 and from he parking site or siles in Ihe opsraling 31eat (b) Time spent by preceeorkers or dayuorkers travelling on rhe Company ~ranspanadon wiiicle from a marshalling pin! ro a pvking site plus lime spent walking from Ihe parking site ro place of work. m west of one-half hour each way shall h paid for on Ihe follo\ring baris. (a.) Dayworkers at lheir regular rate ofpay (b.) Pieceworkers at Ihe ieller~hmber rare. (c.) Pxceworkers shall hz paid in accordance wth subsecrions I. 2 and 1 of III Walking Dislance and Riding Time. Walking nme based on lc rate of one-quaner of a mile equals five (5) mrnules shall be added IO the nding lime. Travelling time 50 computed shall b+ credited [1or less than once each month. 4. Marshalling Points \Vesr Branch Commurer - wll be le 26 mile @ncrion oilhe Charcoal and West Branch roads) on the Wesr Branch Road Sultan Commuler . Marshalling point wll Lx at present location . Company gate south of Sultan. The Company will arrange 10 proeide bee tanspariar~on frdm Sultan A cenual depanw paml rn the row of Sultan wll be established locally. Gogana Commuter Marshalling point ro be the junction of Highaays IU and 560. The Company ill arrange IO provide free rransponalian horn Gogama. A cenual depanue point in the IOW of Gogama Kill bc establirhed locally. Cartier Commuter hi For operalions North of Benny the Marshalling pomr will be Benny. The Company wll anange 10 provrde lransportahon from Cariicr. A central departure pclmt in rhe IOW of Ctirer aill be esrabhshed locally. (b.1 For operarionr South of Benny, the biarshalling point will be Ihe cenrral dcpanure pint eslablished in (a ). The Company ~111 arrange I O provide ttansponalion f r o m Dewy I O Ihe marshalling poinr -4o- Number o f Persons Eating Cook Second Cook go&e For every 25man increase incamp. one extra person Gll be provided. II is agreed Ihal this