Article X of this Agreement, and to ensure to the utmost 1.01 The purpose of this Agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions, and living conditions as specified in

ARTICLE Vlll ADJUSTMENT OF GRIEVANCES extent possible the safety and physical welfare of the employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of pro erty. This Agreement, moreover, seeks to provide k r fair and peaceful adjustments of all disputes that may arise between the parties. It is recognized as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to cooperate fully, individually and collectively, for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein.

Section 8.03 it shall commence at Stage 3 of this 2.01 The Company and the Union agree one with the other that they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September 1, 1993 to August 31, 1996 inclusive, and from year to year thereafter unless either party desires to change or terminate the agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September 1 of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party in writing as to the changes desired.

Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under 3.01 (a) The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bar aining agency for all of its employees who are engaged fn woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this Article, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the Wage Schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classifications which ma be established and become part of the attached hage Schedule during the term of this Agreement. 3.01 @) The employees of contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Corn any shall be considered employees within the terms $this Agreement, save and except the employees of contractors andlor the contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement with a Union or Unions affiliated with a central labour body covering such work. 3.01 (c) The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a third party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. See attach- ed letter in Appendix A. 3.01 (d) Employees shall not be permitted to own mechanical equipment in the cut and skid phase (stump to roadside) of the logging operations. Employees shall be permitted to own other equipment in the other phases of the Company's operations subject to the following conditions. 1. It will not Interfere with the application of seniority. Operators will be assigned to equipment in accordance with the provisions of the Collective Agreement; 2. Employeeawned equipment will be on a voluntary basis. No employee shall be required to own or lease any equipment as a condition of employment; 3. Senior employees will be given first opportunity to lease or purchase such equipment subject to Article XI1 Seniority 12.01, paragraph 1. The number of employees owning or leasin equipment will not exceed 20 percent of the number employees on the seniority list submitted in accordance with Article 12.06 and to be calculated each year at that time. Repairs shall be carried out by Company tradesmen employed in the job classifications of the wage schedule of the Collective Agreement. It Is understood that operators scheduled on such e uipment may be required to perform maintenance or mjnor repairs during their scheduled work shift. It shall be a continuing Company obligation to ensure that all terms and conditions of the Collective Agreement are adhered to. No employee on the active payroll, on authorized leave of absence, or on a disability leave on the date of ratification (excluding those who are replacing such employees) will be laid otf due to the use or repair of empbyeeswned equipment. 3.02 Supervisory personnel, which includes cantractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involve physical danger to employees or danger to property. 3.03 It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as a result of any jurisdictional dispute that may arise between the Union and any other Union. Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Aeiations Act of Ontario.

Section 4.03 and to revise the rates therefore. The 4.01 The Wage Schedule is attached hereto, and forms a part of this Agreement. 4.02 if during the life of this Agreement, a change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached Wage Schedule the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement, the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. 4.03 When changes are to be made in operating methods including major alterations in established work patterns requiring the establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least thirty (30) days' advance notice in writing. During the thirty (30) day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications, the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the attached Wage Schedule. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiationsfor rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become part of the attached Wage Schedule. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within thirty (30) days of the effective date of the change or alteration the matter may be referred to Stage 3 of the Grievance Procedure. The thirty (30) day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates when established shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classification. 4.04 The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached Wage Schedule, the Company will not chan e the method of payment for such job classification from daywork to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

Section 11.05 (a) for such time worked. If an employee 5.01 The Company a rees that it is in favour of its employees covered %y this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitation as hereinafter provided. 5.02 (a) Any employee who is now a member in good standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union shall, as acondition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union intendin to suspend a member, the Company shall be notifiedy! the Union in writing at least seven (7)days before such suspension. 5.02 (b) When hiring employees the Company will, after complying with Article XI1 of this Agreement, give preference to Union members who a ply and are capable of doing the work required of tRem. If Union members are not available the Company shall have the right to hire non-Union help until such time as Union members are available. The Company further agrees to advise the Union office of all its labour requirements from time to time thereafter. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. 5.02 c) New em loyees shall make application to join the &ion when trst approached to do so by a duly authorized Unlon Steward, Official or Representative. The Compan shall upon hiring advise ail new employees by Ltter, with a copy to the Union Steward, to report to the Steward within ten (IO) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. 5.02 (d) The Company shall put employees on check off at the time of hire or return to work and deduct the Union's membership dues from monies due them. 5.03 If an individual employee, who is a member of the Union or becomes a member, so desires, the Company agrees that it will, on his behalf and upon his written request, deduct Union initiation fees and/or monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittances of all deductions shall be sent to the local Union, said remittances to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order, in duplicate, of names, with Christian names, social insurance numbers when authorized by Union members, and amounts by camps. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the following month. The Company shall Include in each employee’s income tax slip 0-4) the amount of union dues deducted in the calendar year. 5.05 Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with I Union business as it pertains to the Company’s operations. Credentials carried by the Union representatives shall consist of a Certificate of Authority signed b the President and Secretary of the local Union and shalrbe presented to a Company official upon arrival at a camp or other site of operations if requested. Said representatives will be provided board and lodging, if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. 5.06 The local Union shall furnish the Company with a list of local Officers and Representatives, and shall amend these lists as changes occur. 5.07 The Company will furnish a list of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end of each month. The amended list will s h w the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors.

Section 11.03 (d) shaii not apply providing there is a 6.01 (a) Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment or at the employee’s option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. Income tax on Vacation Pay credits shall be determined along With regular earnings each pay period. 6.01 (b) Each 2 percent increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (1) week d time off. An employee who has worked continuously for one (I) year must take his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. An em loyee has the right to take his full entitlement to time ,o!f whether or not he has worked continuously for one (I)year, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his Supervisor. 6.02 Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. (a) 4 percent of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. (b) 6 percent of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (c) 8 percent of loss earnings for employees who have worked !,OM) days or more but less than 4,000 days. (d) 10 percent of gross earnings for ernplo es who ss than have worke64,000 days or more but C 5,400 days. (e) 12 per cent of gross earnin s for employees who have worked more than 5480 days. (f) Supplementary Vacation with Pay. Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age 60 Age 61 Age 62 Age 63 Age 64 week (2 percent of gross earnings) (4 percent of gross earnings) weeks (6 percent of gross earnings) -- 45 weeks weeks (8 percent of gross earnings) (10 percent of gross earnings) 6.03 Days worked for purposes of this Article shall mean all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickenss or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist, or chiropractor, and all total days on Union business, off-the-job training, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty and bereavement leave in any calendar year. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XI1 shall retain his accumulation of service for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

Article XII. 7.01 Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following hdidays. New Year's Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holida , Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day, ihristmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays fall on Saturday, it shall be observed on the preceding Friday, and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be observed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of layoff is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. 7.02 (a) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30)day period immediately prior to the hdiday and does not leave work sooner than two (2) days before the holiday and is ready for work on the morning of the second (2nd) day after the holiday, unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control, shall receive pay for the holiday unless he quits during the thirty (30)day period immediately prior to the holiday. An employee, who desires to leave prior to the hdiday and Is ready for work for the second day following the holiday, $hall make reasonable arrangements with the Company prior to leaving, unless other arrangements have been agreed to between the Company and Union either at camp level or at management level. 7.02 (b) If an employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02 and who works any of the available work days within the thirty (30) days immediately prior to the hdiday, is on authorized leave of absence other than as provided in 7.03 when the holiday occurs, he shall receive holiday pay for the first holiday that occurs during his absence, provided he returns to work on time, unless his return to work OR time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 7.02 (c) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to a layoff during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, shall receive holiday pay for the hdiday(s) within such thirty day period. 7.02 (d) An employee, who qualifies under Section 12.02, who is obliged to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the twenty-one (21) day period immediately prior to the holiday shall receive holiday pay for the holiday@)within such twenty-one (21) day period. 7.02 (e) If an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is recalled and works any time during the fourteen (14) calendar day period immediately following the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. 7.02 (9 An employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 and is on vacation shall be entitled to holiday pay and additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. 7.03 A special leave of absence shall be granted to a qualified employee who must travel a long distance to be home for Christmas, in whioh event such an employee will receive pay for the holidays provided he returns on time. Any re uest for such leave of absence must be made to the A m p Foreman no later than December 1st. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. 7.04 (ak If qualified, a day worker will be paid a day's pay at is or her regular rate for the holiday. 7.04 @) A dayworker who Is requested to work on any holiday shall be paid for all time worked at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate and, if qualified, in addition, shall receive one (1) day's pay at such regular rate in lieu of the holiday. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on a holiday.

Section 12.01 as at March 31 of the same year. This list 8.01 It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto, that complaints d employees be adjusted as quickly as possible and it is generally understoodthat an employee has no grievance until he has given to his Foreman an opportunity to adjust his complaint. 8.02 (a) The Union shall arrange for the election from its workin membership at each camp, by the members therein, a Union Grievance Committee d three (3), headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for that Committee. In the absence of the Steward, the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be re uired to recognize either the Union Steward or the &ion Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02 (b) It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised in any manner towards the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee. 8.034 grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any differences between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 8.04 Qrievances as defined above may be taken b the employee, by the Union Steward or the &ion Representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervisor for adjustment outside working hours. No grievance shall be recognized unless this procedure is followed. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. An grievance submitted to the Foreman, in accordance wyth this procedure, in writing, wiil be disposed of by the foreman, in writin Where a grievance has been submitted in writing, it be dealt with in writing at all stages thereafter. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, Stage 2 The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or Union Representative with the Operations Superintendent within ninety-six (96) hours in writing on forms to be supplied by the Union. The Operations Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, Stage 3 -The matter shall be taken up by the Officers of the Local Union andlor their representatives with the Vice President Woodlands d the Company or his representatives. Failing a settlement within seven (7) days, then, Stage 4 The matter shall be referred to the Vice Woodlands of the Company or his President representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union's President or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then, Stage I Either party may, within the following fifteen (15) days, refer the matter to arbitration. 8.01 A rievance arising from a claim by an employee that his &charge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. Where such an employee's grievance Is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the thlrd stage d the grievance procedure. In case of discharge or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an arbitration board to have been unfairly discharged or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions decided by the arbitration board. 8.06 Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of the Agreement, may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure. 8.07 If the Company has a grievance as defined in

Section 12.W d Article XII, to meet the Company's grievance procedure by the V i e President Woodlands or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the Officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the Vice President Woodlands of the Company or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to arbitration. 8.08 In arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one man and these two men shall select a third party who shall act as chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee no later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party's nomination. The arbitration board's decision shall be final and binding on both parties to this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third party as provided above, they shall ask the Provincial Minister of Labour to appoint a third party. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. 8.09 It is understood that the function of the arbitration board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the arbitration board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under

ARTICLE Xlll BULLETIN BOARDS arbitration board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. 8.10 Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the members of the arbitration board selected by it or by the Minister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the board. 8.11 Saturdays, Sundays, statutory and legal holidays shall not be included in any time limits in this Article of the Agreement.

ARTICLE XVll BEREAVEMENT PAY 9.01 There shall be no strikes caused, called or supported by the Unlon or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

ARTICLE XVlll JURY DUTY ALLOWANCE 10.01 It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first aid practices. The Compan and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint sakty committee In each camp to promote safe working conditlons and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of Chairman shall alternate between a Company Co-chairman and a Union Co-chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in tri licate copies goin to the Company office, the Union &ice and the Camp !tulletin Board. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at his regular or premium rate as may be proper. The Company agrees that it will maintain good work trails, and will also maintain good and safe transportation practices, and further agrees that there shall be a qualified First Aid Man in each camp, such First Aid Man to have proper visible identification. It is the intention of the Company to maintain its camp access roads in good condition when in use. 10.02 It is agreed that there shall be emergency First Aid kits at or near work sites and in all vehicles and boats regularly used for the transportation of men. 10.03 (a) Ail camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36 inches In width, spaced at least 38 Inches apart. All mattresses shall be either airfoam, lastifoam or ?ring filled mattresses. Where these conbltions require c anges in present camps such changes shall be effected within the term of this Agreement. In construction of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms housing not more than two (2) employees per room. In the case of cookery personnel, the Company agrees to provide In the construction of new camps, suitable llving quarters housing not more than one (1) em loyee per room. Where such cookery staff accommJations are currently available, they shall be 80 arranged and provided. The Company agrees to supply two clean sheets and one clean pillowcase per week and to su ply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will e! supplied to employees newly arrived In camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in serviceable condition at ail times. It is agreed that the Company will maintain ood conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and ealth. Emplo em' living and service quarters will be washed and &infected at least once each week. The Company will continue to provide improved camp facilities, Including recreational rooms with a TV set where TV programs are receivable, and will provide separate d ing rooms, washrooms, Inside toilets and showers. Arlbck-up storage type locker will be provided for each man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. Air conditioning wiii be instailed in one cookery on a trial basis, and if this proves beneficial, installations will be carried out in all other cookeries during the term of this Agreement. f In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employees' cars parked in the camp Ids. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. 10.03 (c) All bunkhouses will be supplied with water coolers and paper drinking cups, except where drinking fountains are provided in the bunkhouse. 10.03 (d) The Company agrees that fly control measures will be carried out on camp sites periodically as conditions warrant and pest control as required. 10.04 (a) Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. All perishable foods shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. 10.04 (b) There shall be no substitute for butter supplied to employees. Margarinewill be made available upon request. 10.04 (c) Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers allowing self service, for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery 10.04 (d) Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual arrangements have been made. The preparationof lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for the wrapping d lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. 10.04 (e) There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon and evening. coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours coffee breaks shall be on Company time. 10.04 Q) The charge for board and lodging shall be $1.75 per calendar day. 10.04 (9) The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch shack for year round use. 10.01 (a) It Is a p e d that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. The Company agrees to provide radio communication from all operating camp sites during the term of this Agreement. 10.0s (b) The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons and smocks, on loan, and other suitable uniform apparel, at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. Washing and drying machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. 10.05 (c) The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of em loyees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft o f employee-owned power saws to a maximum of Two Thousand, Five Hundred ($2,500) Ddlars and will provide, additional free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such tools, while on Company property or work sites. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee-owned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their full replacement value. An employee who causes a fire wilfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. 1s Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of employee-ownedpower saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. 10.06 (a) Employees shall be paid every second Thursday; cheques to be negotiable on that day. Interim advances will be made on1 in instances of evident emergency. Should a Paid Holday occur on Thursday pay day or Friday, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week. 10.06 (b) 10.06 (c) In instances of authorized extended leave Oi absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employee's payroll credit. 10.06 (d) A Time and Earnings Statement will be provided to each employee tor each pay period. This statement will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued Vacation Pay credit, and deductions covering the period. Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in each camp. 10.06 (e) Where twenty-four (24) hours' notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays excepted. 10.07 Ail hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to employeess on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Compa to do a mechanical repair job, he will be furnished su% tools as are required on loan. All toois and equipment not returned will be charged for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be re laced with serviceable tods free of charge, prwidezthat the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any toois or equipment as a condition d employment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. No employee shall operate a tractor or like equipment owned or leased by himself or by another employee in the cut and skid operatbns d the Company. 10.08 Employees using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files In addition to other hand toois and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. 1. Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broken condition. 2. One (1) safety type gasoline container. 3. One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agrees to stock two types of power saw chains and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps, and sell them to the employees at invoiced cost to the Company. Emplyees using power saws will be provided with free power saw gas and oils. 10.09 At each operating camp a separate, suitable, heated building shall be provided for the repair and storage of power saws. Said buildings are also to contain sufficient lockup type lockers for storage, work bench and vise. Compressed air will be p d d e d in the power saw repair building. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living andlor service quarters. 10.10 Only factory built buses shall be used for the road transportation of men; same to have adequate seating accommodations, emergency exit doors and to be equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. (See attached Letter of Understanding) 10.11 Night watchmen shall be employed in all operating camps during the heating season. 10.12 The Company agrees to discuss with the Union in each particular operation ways and means of improving conditions for all employees covered by this Agreement, and also the interpretation of this Agreement. 10.13 Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include in season fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. 10.14 The Company, consistent with its policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his supervisor on a scheduled basis. 10.15 The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. The Company subsidy for approved safety clothing for personal use will be as follows. Safety boots- $30 per pair Safety pants- $12 per pair Safety mitts and gloves- $ 7 per pair The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. 10.16 The Company agrees that there will be no shacking or batching by employees covered by this Agreement who are engaged in producing and delivering operations on its Limits and/or work sites unless mutually agreed to by the Union and the Company. 10.17 (a) The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms of Article XI1 Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall first notify the Company of his intention to do so and effective date of ratification shall be paid twenty (20) cents per kilometer. 10.17 (b) Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and normal travel time, outside an employee's scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of eight (8) hours at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers. 10.18 Lunch boxes and thermos bottles shall be issued, on loan, to all employees and shall have been sterilized before issue. 10.19 All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical. The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. 10.20 On regular hauling operations where trucks are loaded by cranes, Drott loaders or similar equipment, a toploader or helper will be employed. 10.21 The Company agrees that for the purpose of safety not less than two (2) men shall be on each work ,boat when such work boat is used in towing, rafting, river driving or rearing. 10.22 The Company shall supply mechanics, welders and electricians suitable coveralls and provide for the laundering of same free of charge. Coveralls will be placed at the slashers for use of the crew while doing maintenance. 10.23 Tradesmen and helpers, carpenters and servicemen assigned to a bush garage shall receive fifty (50) cents per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate. Tradesmen and helpers, carpenters and servicemen assigned to a main camp or central garage required to perform work of their trade away from a main camp or central garage will be paid fifty (50) cents per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away from the main camp or central garage. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in the yard of the main camp or central garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid fifty (50) cents per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard.

 11-01(a) The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week, Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday Inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday Inclusive. (See Letter of Understanding attached in Schedule B.) It is agreed that dayork or shift work employees may be requested to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with

 requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be withheld. 11.01 (b) For the purpose of this Agreement, Sunday, a Paid Holiday and the /sixth day/ (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 700 a.m. that day and end at 7.OO a.m. the day following. See Letter of Understanding attached in Appendix 0. 11.02 (a) The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 700 a.m. and 5.OO p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02 (b) The ni ht shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hourstetween the hours of 7.OO p.m. and 5.OO am., mealtime excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the ni ht shift may, at the request of the employees or the kmpany, and by mutual agreement, be scheduled to commence prior to 7.OO p.m. in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.03 (b). 11.09 (a) A night shift differential of forty-five (45) cents per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. 11.03 (b) On other two-shift operations the first shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.OOa.m. or after. The second shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence prior to 7.OO p.m. and shall carry a shift differential of forty-five 45) cents per hour. (Letter of Understanding bite Preparation) 11.03 (c) On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutive hours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid shall be as follows. 1P( Shin 2nd Shln 3rd Shin Starting nma (batween h w n ot) Stopping nma (batwan houn of) shin DHferaMlsl Forty-flw MMJhour Fifly-flw mmdhwr Effective September 1, 1991, increase second shift premium from forty-five (45)cents to fifty-five (55) cents per hour, and third shift from fifty-five (55)cents to sixtyfive (65) cents per hour. 11.03 (d) The hours of work and the “sixth day” for dayworkers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. 1. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee’s shift schedule is changed by the Company he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (6) hours between shifts worked. 2. Where starting times must be staggered due to operational requirements such starting times for employees within any iven job classification shall be confined to a one (17 hour period. (SeeLetter of Understandingon Truck Hauling) 3.On all operations which are carried out on a two (2) or three (3) shift basis, all such employees will be scheduled on a rotating weekly schedule basis. 11.03 (e) If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week is required for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive four (4) hours' pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05 (a) provided he remains available for the four (4) hour period if so requested by the Company. 11.04 (a) A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half a day if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. In the case of time lost In excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack d assignment of area to cut, andhn time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel to area assigned, payment shall be made for all hours lost. 11.04 @) A day or shift worker who reports for work at his scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences regular work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04 (a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shift he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change In shift, the time and one-half provisions of

 break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee he may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another em byee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given ekht (8) hours y in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his sencity within the camp unit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniori outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day%llawing the day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising senior1 under this Article, he shall be permitted to exercise is seniority on his return to work. x Notification and reporting established locally. procedures shall be 11.05 (a) Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or outside his regular shift shall be paid for at the rate of time and one-haif. Double time will be paid after eight (8) hours of work on his designated "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) and on a Sunday. Overtime work re ulred in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a b a j s as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classification requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. 11.05 (b) Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shift and forty (40)hours per week, Monday to Sunda inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions or Article XI. 4 Cookee 5 Choreboy (2) Baker (3) Second Cook (6) Watchman (1) Cook (7)Boat Crews Guy M No. 1, Robert W. and lbgalong For employees in the job classifications listed above the hours d work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled as follows. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight (8) hours ma be scheduled in any twelve (12) hour period dividdinto not more than two parts provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutive shifts, Monday to Friday inclusive, or Tuesday to Satu‘rday inclusive. Time worked in excess or outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shift, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on his “sixth day” (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time and one-half. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above classifications who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for onehai! day if he is available at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start of the second half of the scheduled shift. The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the “sixth day” or Sunday shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. an employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift scheduled Is changed by thr Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When an employee reverts to his original shift he will be paid at this regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. 5. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimum of eight (8) hours work and be paid at time and one-half provided he remains available if so requested by the Company. 6. When a second shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of forty-five (45) cents per hour for each second shift worked in accordance with Article 11.03(c). 7. The present standard of service by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. 8. Headquarters watchmen Understanding (appended). see Letter of 11.06 Walking distance andlor riding time shall not be considered as time worked. Walking distance and riding time shall be paid for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time Section of the Wage Schedule of this Agreement. 11.07 An employee, who is called out for work after completing his day or shift, or more than one (I) hour before the start of his day or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours ay at straight time. When the call-out tor work Is witbn the one (1) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting time of the calkut to the scheduled starting time of his day or shift. Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05 (a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours of work exclusive of the the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee, who is called out for work on his ''sixth'' day (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05 (a), from the starting time of the call-out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours pay at the rate of time and one-half.

 12.01 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern, subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability in promotions, transfers, layoffs and recalls after layoffs. Time off due to sickness or accident must be certified by a licensed physician, licensed dentist or licensed chiropractor. An employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shall retain seniority while on such leave of absence. An employee who has established seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months. 12.02 Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30)days within a six month period. Thereafter Article 1201 shall apply, and the employee shall be placed on the Senlorlty LIS In order af hire. 12.03 (I) Seniority will be applied on a Company wide basis n recails, promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or part thereof, the employee will be permittedto transfer to a job to which his seniority and qualifications entitle him. If no jobs are available he will be permitted to replace an employee with less seniority on a job for which he is qualified provided. (i) The jobs will continue in other districts for fourteen (14) days or more, and (ii) The employee havin received advance notice in accordance with 8ection 12.04 advises the Company prior to the effective day of the advance notice and in writing on forms to be supplied by the Company of his desire to transfer or to be laid off. When layoffs are for less than fourteen (14) days seniority will be applied on a district basis. Prior to an intended la ff which Is to last more than fourteen (14) days, the Smpany will provide the Camp Foreman with a copy to the Union Grievance Committee, with a list of the employees in other districts having the lowest seniority on jobs which will continue for fourteen (14) days or more and which are similar to those being terminated. The number of employees listed in each job classification shall be the same as the number being laid off in the same classification. 12.03 (b) In transfers from one job classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. 12.03 (c) The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with

 Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such bs, stating the normal job requirements. Employees sffall not be considered for such jobs, unless they apply in writing within the five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12-01 of this Agreement. Employees accepting the posted * bs shall be ailowed five (5) work days in which to qual&, (or further time as may be mutually agreed, if additional training is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. Successful applicants will be required to fulfill the vacancy for which they have applied. Employees accepting a job posting shall remain In that job for a minimum of three months from the date the employee filled the job vacancy unless being displaced from that job because of layoff or the bumping procedure. The Company shall posl notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and newly created jobs. 12.03 (d) A job that becomes vacant because,the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30)work days shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) and the job posting will note that it is of a temporary nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from the Camp unit, it shall be filled on a Company wide seniority basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of layoff from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. 12.04 In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days, the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Qrievance Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of lay-off as possible. 12.05 When the approximate time of recall is known at the time of layoff, employees leaving camp will be informed of such approximate date at that time. But in all cases, notice in writing will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employeeswill be r ulred to acknowledge receipt of such notice and repo%r work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made in writing. 12.06 The Company agrees to submit to the Union Office by April 30 d each year an alphabetical list, In duplicate, of employees covered by this Agreement, showing their hiring date following their last break in seniority, and Company seniority rank as specified In

 will show in addition each employee's occupation and address. 12.07 A seniority list shall be prepared and posted monthly in each camp showing the Company seniority rank of each employee. 12.08 An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of this Article shall retain such seniority for twenty-four (24) months durin layoff. An employee who quits of his own accort! or is discharged and not reinstated, or fails to report to work following recall as provided in Section 12.05 of this Article, shall automatically lose all seniority. An employee who fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified shall lose his seniority unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. 12.09 Any employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall retain his seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months from the date of promotion or transfer and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all provisions of this Article upon proof of Union membership in good standing. Supervisory personnel who are generally employed on seasonal operations and who have not acquired seniority, In accordance with this Article, may be placed on jobs listed In the bargalning unit, durina the off season, provided that this does not interfere with the application d seniority d any employee. Such personnel shall apply for Union membership prior to being placed on the job and maintain their Union membership in good standing. 12.10 When bs are discontinued due ro the Introduction o new methods and equipment or curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be oflered aiternate employment, in accordance with

 labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform alternate employment effectively they shall be trained by the Company. It is understood this does not apply to seasonal layoffs. 12.11 An emplo e with three or more years d service for whom no job gavailable because of mechanization, technological changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one week's pay for each year of completed service since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty hours at the employee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employee who chooses to receive the severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee's name will be removed from the seniority list. The above provision Is not in addition to the requirements of the Employment Standards Act.

 15.01 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the approval of the Camp Foreman before such posting.

 14.01 Effective the first d the month kilowin the date of ratification for each employee on the payrof who has established seniority in accordance with Article XII, the Company will provide appropriate single or family covera e in accordance with a Blue Cross Dru Plan or its equkalent, and Semi-Private Hospital Care %Ian. The Company will maintain coverage to employees who are off work due to a Workers' Compensation claim or a Short-Term Disability claim for up to a period of twelve (12) months. Effective the first of the month following the date of ratification, the Company agrees to provide coverage for a iaidoff employee to the end of the month following the month of lay off. Coverage will resume on the date the employee returns to work from layoff. Effective the first d the month following the date of ratification, ail costs of medical reports requested by the Company or the Insurance Carrier will be covered by the Company to a maximum of $15 upon receipt.

 15.01 Effective February 1, 1981, the Company will maintain a Group Life Insurance Plan to provide Fifty Thousand (550,000) Dollars of Life Insurance for each employee while actively employed. The premium cost to the employee will be 36 cents per $1,000 per month.

 16.01 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of a Weekly Indemnity Insurance Plan. The Pian will provide seventy (70)percent of weekly earnings (forty (40) hours times an employee's regular rate, forty (40) hours times the Feller-Limber hourly rate) to commence on the first day in case of a noncompensableaccident or in the case d an illness on the date of confinement to hospital or the fourth day of illness, whichever is the earlier date. Benefits will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective the first month foilowing the date of ratifkation, for all new claims, increase maximum to Four Hundred and Eighty (480) dollars per week. Effective September 1, 1994, for all new claims, increase maximum to Four Hundred and Ninety-Five (495) Dollars per week. Effective September 1, 1996 for all new claims, increase maximum to Five Hundred and Ten (510) Dollars per week. Plan detail Appendix "A"

 17.01 When death occurs to an employee's spouse or children the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate for time lost up to a maximum of five (5) days. When death occurs to other members of employee's immediate famliy, that is, an employee's father, mother, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-inlaw, sister-ln-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother, sister, grandparents, the maximum time lost paid for will be three (3)days. The intent of this clause is to ailow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. The day of the funeral must be one of the five (5) or three (3)days. Pay will be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. It Is understood for purposes of this Article step relatives will be considered the Same as blood relatives. Any claims for bereavement pay must be submitted by the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's Immediate family.

 18.01 In the case of an employee who Is called for jury service or subpoenaed (no arbitration no defendent), the Company shall pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight time hourly rate and the payment he received for jury service. The ernplo e8 will present proof of service and of pay received there ore when making his claim for such allowance.

 19.01 The Company will maintain a Dental Care Plan, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. 1. Eligibility Participation in this Plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. Plan Design a) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. 7 Basic Plan and Rider No. 1 or equivalent. b) Services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross Rider No. 2 (50percent) or equivalent. Effective date of ratification,, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1002 O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. Effective September 1, 1004, amend the Plan to provide for the application of the 1993 O.D.A.