Article I Purpose

Article II Period

Article III Recognition and Jurisdiction Article N Rates and Classifications

Article V Union Membership

Article VI Vacation with Pay

Article VJI Holidays with Pay

Article VI11 Adjustment of Grievances

Article IX No Strike - No Lockout

Article X Working and Living Conditions General Conditions Transportation Camp Conditions Kitchens Insurance Pay Conditions Company Supplied Equipment Safety Equipment Transfers Camp to Camp Mechanic Field Pay Coveralls Climatic control

Article XI Hours of Work

Article XII Seniority

Article XI11 Bulletin Boards

Article XIV Medical, Surgical, Drug and Hospital Care Plans

Article XV Life Insurance Weekly Indemnity ArticleXVI

Article XVM ArticleXIX - Bereavement Pay Jury Duty or Witness BoardandLodging AaicleXX DentalCarePlan

Article XXI Vision Care Plan

Article XXII Paid Educational Leave Wage Schedule Hourly Rates - Adjustments Reflected in Wage Schedule Cost of Living Allowance Piecework Rates Piecework Cut and Skid Tree Length Metric Rates Walking Distance and Riding Time Scaling SalvagingPulpwood on Road Right-of-way Commuters Cookery Schedule Travel Allowance Trade Apprentice Program Mechanics Welder Tradesmen’s Tools Annual Review of Helpers and Tradesmen Pension Plan Bridging Supplement Return to Work Program

Article XVII Addendum To The Agreement Silvicultural Work Allowance for Lodging Remote Pillow Camp Pillow Camp Silviculture Operations - Tree Planting Camp Cookeries Ontario Wood Workers Disability Benefit Plan Ontario Wood Workers Disability Benefit Plan Seciton 7 (a) Early Start Time due to Fire Hazard Shutdown

Article VII - Holidays with Pay 5s

Article XI -Hours of Work Seniority Right of an Employee Under 1203(a) Upon LayoffNotice g and Hospital Care Plans

Article 12.03 (a) Memorandum of Understanding Piecework - Tree Length Addendum to Piecework -Memorandum of Agreement July 24,1985 Posting of Work Schedules Owner Operator Equipment Recognition-Jurisdiction Sept. 1/82 to Aug, 13/84 Recognition- Jurisdiction Sept. 1/87 to Aug. 31190 Applicationof Administrationof Seclion 3.01 (c) Article III Recodtion - Jurisdiction Licences - Truck and Bus Drivers Washing and Drying Facilities for Camp 12 Cookery Personnel VacationPay camp costs Inter Camp Transfers Mobile Camp - Camp 605 Operations Restricted OperationsDue to Fire Hazards, Conditions Ontario Woods Workers Disability Benefit Plan Appendix “A” Long Term Disability Benefit Plan

Article XlV -Medical, Surgical, h The purpose of this agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in r q e c t to hours, wages, working conditions, and living conditions as specified in Article X of the Agreement and to ensure to the utmost extent possible the safety and physical welfare of employees,economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection of propem, This Agreement, moreover, seeks lo provide for fair and peaceful adjustments of all disputes that may arise between the p h e s . It is recognized as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to co.operate fully, individually and collectively for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein.

ARTICLE Ill -RECOGMTION-JIIRISDICFION-Continued The Company and the Union agree one with the other that they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September I, 2001 to August 31,2005 inclusive, and from year to year thereafter unless either party desire to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, in Writing, at least sixty (60) days prior to September Ist, of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Ageement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party in Writing as to the changes desired. All other provisions of this Collective Agreebent taking effect on September 1, 2001, will remain effective up to and including August 31,2005.

ARTICLE IV-RATES AND CLASSIFICATIONS Continued 3.01 (a). The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in Woods operations on the limits, and on the work sites, of the Company. For purposes of this Adicle, Company employees shall be all those employed in the job classifications set out in the wage schedule attvhed to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are employed on job classificatio~~swhich may be established and become part of the attached wage schedule during the tam of this hgreement. The employees of Contractors engaged by the Company on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of Contractors andlor lhe Contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special sewices not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such contractors are en4aged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement, kith a Union or Unions affiliated with a central labour body, covering such work

ARTICLE V UNION MEMBERSHIP- Continued 3.01 (c). The Company and the Uniona p that an operaor who enten into a Third Party agreement with the Company and the Minishy of Nahual Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the six negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. This section is subject to the provision of Letter of Understanding Recoption 3.01 [d). Jurisdiction. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform work which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructiag employees and in cases of emergency which involve physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is a p e d that Company operations shall not be intermpted as the result of any jurisdictional dispute thatmay arise between the Union and any other Union.Questions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour RelationsAct of Ontario.

ARTICLE VI - VACATION WITH PAY - Continued The wage schedule is attached hereto, and forms part of this Agreement. If during the life of this Agreement, a change in job content occus in any job classificationlisted in the attached wage schedule the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement, the matter may be referred to Stage Ill of the grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating methods including major alterations in established work patterns requiringthe establishment of new job classifications, the Company will give the Union at least 30 days advance notice in Writing. During the 30 day period prior to the implementationof such changes, upon request by the Union,the Company will meet with the Union,and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar andlor related occupations in the wage schedule. Following the implementation of such changes, negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting born such changes shall commence without delay.

ARTICLE VI VACATION WITH PAY - C o n l i d After agreement is reached such rates shall become pad of the attached wage schedule. In the event that the parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classificationswithin 30 days of the effective date of the change or alterations the matter may be referred to Stage Ill of the grievanceprocedure. The 30-day period may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. New rates when established shall be retoactive to the date of establishmentof the new classification. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached wage schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification fmm day work to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employeesconcerned.

ARTICLE Vlll - ADJUSTMENTOF GRIEVANCES The Company agrees that it is in favour of its employees covered by this Agreement becoming members of the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitations as hereinafter provided. S.OZ(a). Subject to the provision of the Labour Relations Act and the regulations made thereunder, any employee who is now a member in good standingor who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union,shall, as a condition of continued employment, maintain such membership in good standing throughout the tern of this A p m e n t . In the event ofthe Union intendingto suspend a member, the Company shall be notified by the Union in writing at least seven (7) days before such suspension. 5.02 (a). The Company shall, after complying with Article XII Seniority,advise the Union kom time to time of the Company’s labour requirements. When hiring additional employees the Company will give preference to Union members who apply and who are capable of doing work required of them, The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. 5.02 (c). New employees shall make application to join the Union when f a t approached to do so by a duly authorized Union Steward, Official or Representative. The Company shall, upon hiring, advise all new employees by letter to report to the Union Steward within ten (IO) days of commencing work. Failureofanemployee tocomplywiththeconditions hereinshall because forimmediate termination of employment. Each new employee shall be allowed one-half (112) hour on Company time to meet with the Union Steward within the f a t week of completion of the probationary agreement.

ARTICLE VIII ADJUSTMENT OF GRIEVANCES -continued An individual employee, who is a member of the Union or homes a member, the Company agrees that it will deduct Union initiation fees, assessment andor monthly membership dues born monies due him.The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be sent to the Union; said remittances to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order, in duplicate, of names with Christian names as paplled, stated date of birtk and amount by camps. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as won as possible, but not later than the end of the following month. Each employee's tax slip T-4shall show the amount of union dues deducted in the calendar year. Representatives canying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business and shall repod to camp supervisor or clerk on arrival at Camp. Credentials Carred by the Union Representativesshall consist of a celtificate of authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Union;and said representatives to be provided board and lodghg if available, on the Companypremises at the prevailing contract rate. The Union shall furnish the Companywith a list of Union Officers and Representatives and shall amend these lists as changes occur. The Company will fumish a list of supervisory p n n e l to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if requid, at the end of each month. The amended list will show the effective date of the changes. Failure to advise the Union of such changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supeMsors.

ARTICLE X - WORKING -LIVING CONDITIONS - continued 6.01(a). Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment, or at the employee's option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. At time vacation with pay credits are paid, amounts and income tax deductions will be set out separately on the pay stub. See Letter of Understanding- Vacation Pay, Each 2 % increment of Vacation Pay entitles an employee to one (1) week of time off, An employee who has worked continuously for one (1) year, must take his full entitlement to time off,at a time or times satisfactoryto himself and his supenisor.

ARTICLE XI -HOURS OF WORKD -Continued An employee has the right to take his lid1 entitlementto time 0% whether or not he has worked continuouslyfor one (I) year at atime or times satisfactoryto himself and his supenisor. Effective date of ratification, employees will receive an additional $65.00 per week for each week of regular vacation taken, excludingsupplanental vacation. EffectiveSeptember 1,2004, increasethe $65.00 to %70.00perweek Vacation with pay credits shall be paid on the following basis. (a) 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked Ius than 800 days. Co.) 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (c.) 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less than 4,000 days. (d.) 10% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 4,000 days or more but less than 5,400 days. (e.) 12% ofpss c*gs for employees who have worked more than 5,400 days. (f) SupplementaryVacation with Pay. Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they a&. Age 60 1 Week ( 2 %of gross earnings) Age61 -2Weeks(4%ofpssemings) Age 62.3 Weeks ( 6 % of gross Camings) Age 63 4 Weeks ( 8 %of p s s earnings) Age 64 - 5 Weeks (IO % of gross earnings)

ARTICLE XVl WEEKLY INDEMNITY It is agreed tbat a n p l o p with v d o n mtitlment will be axouraged to u t j l i a scheduled vacation periodshutdown as put of their vacation h e entitlement. Days workcd for purpow of this Article shall mean dl days wurked, plus w o h g days which normally would have been worked but wae lost as amult of eiclmess or injury catifid by a licensed physician, dentist, or chiropractor,plus the total number of days on Union business offthejob baining, vacation, holidays with pay, jury duty and b v e m e n t leave in any dmdar year. An employee who has establishedseniorityin sccordance with Section 12.02of Article W shallrclpin his accumulation of service for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniorityrights with the Company. E m p l o p who qualify under Section lZiOZ shall be paid without the pcrfonnancc of work for the foUowing holidays. New Years Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour D a y , - M & i n g Day, Remembrance Day, Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays falls on Saturday, it shall be obsmed on thepwdmg Friday and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it will be obscrvcd on the, following Monday. E m p l o p who have accumulsted one hundrcd and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactoryto the employee and his supvisor. An employee who by reason of layoff is prevented fmm taking his floating holidays shallreceive pay in lieu of such holidays. The holidays, Dominion Day and Remembrance Day may be obsnved on MYsuch other day as may be mutually agreul to by the pattics to this agreement On April 28' of each year, the company flag shall be flown at half-mast in mgoilion of those workns fatally injured. when taking a holiday With pay, the emplop wiU be reimbursed the same mount of hours as he was scheduledto work. In the case of Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, l b ! q i v h g Day, Remembrance Day holidays, qualifedemployees to be eligible for holiday pay, must work theu last work day or shift pneading the holiday and be in camp ready for work at the start of theu first work day or shift following the holiday. ARTICLE W HOLIDAYS WITB PAY - continued In the c mof Labour Day, Christmas, BoxingDay and New YearsDay, t h m will be a scheduled shutdownexcluding essentialservices. It is agrced that dates will be arranged by the parties. Either p q may initiate discussions at least two (2) wceh prior to the holiday. See Letter of Undastanding Christmas Shutdown. Qual~fiedemployew to be eligible for holiday pay must work their last day or shift pnceding the holiday shutdown and be in camp ready for work at the start of their first work day or shiftfollowing the holiday shutdown. NotwitMauding the preceding it is huther agrced that qualified employees shall nceive pay for the holidays. (a). Where they have been laid off for lack of work in the thirty (30) days immediately precedingthe holiday. (b). Where an employeewho qualifies under Section 12.02 is obliged to cease work due to s i c h w or accident Ceaifiedby a l i m e d practitionerduring the thirty (30) day periodimmediatelyprior to the holiday, he shall d v e holidaypay for the holidafis) w i t h such 30 day period. (c). W h m a holiday or holidays occur during theu absence from work on an authorized vacation provided thcyre(um to work on time. The employee shall be entitled to additional time off for any holidays occurringWithin such vacation period. (d). Where for reasons beyond an employee's conlrol he has not been able to report to work on time he shall receive pay for the holidays. (e) See Letter of Understanding re. early departure. Where an employee qualifies under Section 12.02 and is recalled and woks any time during the 14 calendar day pniod immediately fouowhg the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the preceding holiday. In the special case of Christmas, Boxing Day or New Years holiday, a qualified employeewho has requested and who has been granteda leave of absence not mon than ten (IO) d a ~ ARTICLE W - HOLIDAYS WITK PAY - continued before the holiday and who returns to work from leave of absenceand is ready to work on time, will be paid for the holiday. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his conpol born rehuning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. Where in accordance with 7.03 the scheduled Cnrishnas, Boxing Day, New Year‘s shutdown includes the three (3) holiday, the employee who returns to work from leave of absence and is ready for work on time will be eligible for pay for the three (3) holiday. Where an employee is prevented by Circumstancesbeyond his control from rehuning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. If qualified, a day worker shall be paid a day’s pay at his or her regular rate, and a 7.06 (a). pieceworkera day’s pay at the FellerLimber rate, for each holiday. 7.06 (b), If qualified, a day worker who is requested to work on any holiday shaU be paid at the rate of time and one-half his regular rate; double time for all hours worked after having worked eight (8) hours on the holiday. In addition he shall receive one day’s pay at such regular rate in lieu ofthe holiday. 7.06 (c). Pieceworkersshall not work on holidays.

ARTICLE Xvll -BEREAVEMENT PAY It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that complaints of employees be adjusted as quickly as possible and it is generally understoodthat an employee has no grievance until he has given to his foreman an opporhuity to adjust his complaint. 8.02 (a). The Union shall arrange for the election h m its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union GrievanceCommitteeof three (3), headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for that committee. In the absence of the Steward the CompanyWill recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immedjately &er an elecion, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in Writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the membm of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will achowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee unfil such h e as (his procedure is canied out. It is a g r d that there shall be no dimimination exercised in any manner 8.02 To). toward the Stewards or Union GrievanceCommitteemen or other Unionmembers ARTICLE WII -ADJUSTMENT OF GRIEVANCES - continued To be eligible for election as Union Steward an employee must have 8.02(c). established seniority under Section 12.02 of Article W. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any difference between the parties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving the interpretation, application, administration, or alleged violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative havingjurisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervisor for adjustment outside of working hours. No grievance shall be recognized unless this procedure is followed. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any &evance submitted to the foreman haccordance with this procedure, in writing will be disposed of by the foreman, in Writing. Failing a satisfactory adjustment within forty-eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee andor the Union Representative with the Disbict Logging Superintendent within ninety-six (96) hours in wntiing on forms to be supplied by the Union. The District Logging Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 - Within ten (IO) days the matter shall be taken up by officers of the Union andor their representatives with the Manager Logging Operations of the Company or his representative. The one exception to this procedure shall be in the special case provided under Section 8.08 of this Article. In this case the matter may be taken up by the employee himself, or with the knowledge and consent of the employee, by Union representatives by presenting (he case to the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative in Writing. In either of the above cases the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative shall make a reply in writing within seven (7) days. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred within fifleen (IS) calendar days to the General Manager - Forestry Division or his representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union President or his representative. Either party may request the presence of the President of the Northem Ontario District Council of I. W.A. Canada, or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifleen (IS) days then, prior to proceeding to Arbitration, either party may request the use of a mutually agreed to Mediator, the cost of whom will be shared equally between the parties. The Company and the Union will adopt a ARTICLE Mn ADJUSTMENT OF GRIEVANCES -continued mechanism to provide an agreed upon list of pre-selected arbitrators to be used on a rotational basis for all arbitration cases. STAGE 5 Either party may, within the following fifleen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. Following ratification of the memorandum of agreement, the parties shall agree to a rotating list of arbitrators to be used in the settlement of grievances. In Arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one man; these two shall select a third party who shall act as Chairman. Either party shall appoint its nominee not later than five (5) days after receipt of written notice of the other party's nomination. The Arbitration Board's decision shall be final and binding on both parties to this Agreement. In the event of the failure of the two (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third party as provided above, they shall ask the Provincial Ministry of Labour to appoint a third party. Nothing herein shall prevent the parties from mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of disciplineor discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitration Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as suhmined and shall have no power to alter, add to, or amend this Agreement. However, the function of the Arbitration Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to revise the rates thereof. The ArbiWion Board shall have no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Saturdays, Sundays, Statutory and legal holidays shall not be included in any t i e limits in this Article of the Ageement. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrary to the terms of this Agreement, must be dealt with in writing by both parties, and must be presented to the Company not later than ten (IO) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. Where such an employee's grievance is not processed from the fist stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the third stage of the grievance procedure. In case of discharge, or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notify the employee in writing of the reason for such discharge or suspension. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the

ARTICLE Xvlll -JURY DUTY OR WITNESS employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Each party to this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the Mioister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of the Agreement may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure. Ifthe Company has a grievance as dehed in Section 8.03, it shall commence at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure by the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative presenting the matter in Writing to the officers of the Union. Failing satisfactory settlement within seven (7) days, then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the General Manager - Forestry Division, or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either parQ may within the following fifteen (IS) days refer the matter to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the above, the time limits established in this Article may be extended if mutually agreed upon by both parties. Any notice of disciplinary action shall be given in writing to the employee with a copy to the Union and all such notices shall be removed from the employee’s record after a period of twenty-four consecutivemonths from the date of issue.

ARTICLE xD(- BOARD AND LODGING There shall be no strike caused, called, or supported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

ARTICLE Xxn - PAID EDUCATIONAL LEAVE The Company agrees to discuss with the Union in each particular operation, ways and means of improving conditions for all employees covered by this Agreement and also the interpretation ofthis Agreement. It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, and recreation. The Company agrees to provide

 adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two (2) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of Chairmanshall alternate between a Company Chairman and a Union Chairman. The Chainnan of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate with copies going to the Company office, the Union office and the Camp bulletin board. A member of the Committee is entitled to such time ffom his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be paid by the Company at the regular or premium rate as may be proper, The Company can agree to certify all members of the Joint Health and Safety Committee provided that a member after being certified must serve on the committee for a period of three consecutive years. The Company, consistent with its policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and Sequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his supervisoron a scheduled basis. It is agreed that there shall be properly equipped first aid kits suffcient for normal requirements, located at or near all worksites and in all vehicles regularly used for the transportationof men. Two (2) employees h m each dishict safety committee will be trained as required under Bill Only factory built vehicles shall be used for the road transportation of men. Same to have adequate seating accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employecs at designated waiting places, such shelters to have heating facilities. The Company will, for the safety of its employees, have either communication or transportation available at designated waiting places. The Company will provide radio communications on the bus used to transport the employees h m the marshalling point to the worksite on the W est Branch commuter operation. In respect to the R a m y operation, a Company Supervisor will escort the buses travelling to and from the camp and worksites. In circumstances where this may not be practical, any irregularityfrom normal bus arrival will be immediately investigated. Whereas the Company intends to use air transpo&tion when it is practical and economical to do so. Employees presently on the work force who are not able to fly will be given an opportunityto transferto a position that they can occupy in accordance with the provision of the Collective Agreement. It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliiess, sanitation and health. Employees living and service quarters will be washed and disinfected at least once each week. The Companywill continue to provide improved camp facilities, includingrecreational rooms with a T.V. set where T.V. programmes are receivable and will provide separate dryingrooms,wash Moms, inside toilets and showers. A lock up storage type locker will be provided for each man in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitation facilities will be provided for catering staffs. All camps shall have one tier single beds at least 36" in width spaced 38" apart. All mattresses shall be either air foam, plastifoam or spring filled. In constructionof new camps, the Company a m to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms having no more than two (2) employees per room. The Company agrees that pest control measures will be canied out in the camps and in the camp areas as and when required. The Company will look into possible remedial measures to alleviate the sandfly problem at all camps. All lunch shack screening will be maintained in good repair and pest control equipment made available. All night shift workers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical. The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. All main bunkhouses will be provided with drinking fountains and paper drinking cups. The Company will install ice machines in the camp at Ramsey and Camp 12. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employee's can parked in the camp lots. Car plug-ins and electricity shall be provided for employees in all camps. Air conditioningunitswill be installed in cookeries. At each operating camp, a separate suitable and heated building shall be provided for the repair and storage of power saws. Said building also to contain sufficient lock-up type lockers for storage, work bench, vise and chain breaker. Compressed air will be provided in the power saw and repair building. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living andor service quarters. Food served to the employees in the camps shall; at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include fresh hits, vegetables and greens. Reftigeration will be provided for all perishable food, as required, hi all operating wnps. All perishable food stuffs shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportationat all times. The Company will continue to supplybutter at meals to employees Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers, allowing selfsenice for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other mutual anangements have been made. The preparation of lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied for wrapping of lunches. The lunch table shall include a variety of cooked meab and tesh hit. There shall be coffee breaks in the moming, afternoon, and in the evening; coffee, cakes and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours, coffee breaks shall be on Company time. The Company agrees to supply kitchen personnel with white aprons, on loan and other suitable uniform apparel at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior clothing without charge. Washing machine facilities will be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. The Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees' personal belongings and loss by fire or theft of employee owned power saws at fbll replacement value to a maximum of two thousand five hundred dollars ($2,5CO.N) and will provide additional bee insurance coverage against loss by !ire or theft of tradesmen's tools normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such tools while on Company property or work sites. It is understood that coverage for theft of power saws and tools shall only apply where they are stored in a desipted place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee owned power saws due to Company negligence will b e compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire wilfully or through gross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant loss. Suitable arrangements for protection against theft of employee owned power saws will be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. Company will agree to implement a weekly pay commencing b t week in January,1989. Discussions will be held with the local union grievance committee to review the procedure we will follow. Pay will be distributed after 4.OO p.m. Thursday. Interim advances will be made only in instances of evident emergency. Should a paid holiday occur on a Friday payday, payment will be made on Thursday of that week. In instances of authorized extended leave of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent ofthe employee's payroll credit. A Time and Earnings statement will be provided to each employee for each pay period. This statement will carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings accrued, vacation pay credit and deductions covering the period. E xplanationsofpayroll codes will be posted in each camp Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination, Saturdays, Sundays and legal holiday excepted. The Company will provide each pieceworker with a minimum of one (I) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale slips will be given to each pieceworker a! least 48 hours prior to the wood being moved. Scale slips will provide the following information where applicable - butt size and species as outlined on page 37/38, or number of pieces (tree length), riding andor walking bonus, footage of strip or main road cut, and poor bush bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworkers and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a mechanical repair job, he will be fUmished such tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charged for in fill. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools kee of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, as a conditionof employment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, on loan, the following. 1. Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned ina worn out or broken condition. 2. One (1) safety type gasolie container. 3. One (I) fire extinguisher (chemical type). The Company agrees to stock safety type power saw chains and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoiced cost to Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with kee power saw gas and oils. The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safetypants,safety boots, and safety gloves and mitts. The Company further agrees to sell to employees safety pants at twelve dollars ($12.00) below cost price to the Company and safety boots at fifty ($50.00) below the cost price to the Company, effective September 1,2003 increase safety boots subsidy to fiftyfive dollars ($55.00) per pair, effective September 1,2004 increase safety boots subsidy to sixty ($60.00),maximum two (2) pairs per year, below cost price to the Company and safety gloves and mitts to power saw operators and to pmons handling cable, at seven dollars ($7.00) below cost price to the Company. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company’s request or in the exercise of seniorityunder the terms of Article XII Seniority. Effective date of ratificationthe employees shall have the option of using their own vehicle for transportation. In such cases the employee shall fpt notify the Company of his intentions to do so and shall be paid 32 cents per Ian.for using own vehicle. Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the Feller, Limber, Tree Len@ Skidding rate per day for pieceworkers and normal travel time, outside an employees scheduled working hours, will be paid for up to a maximum of 8 hours at the regular straight time rate for dayworkers and the above rate for pieceworkers. Refer to Letter of Understanding Re. Hours of Work. (a). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a bush garage shall receive SO$ per hour in addition to the applicablehourly rate. (b). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main camp garage required to perform work of their bade away tom a main camp garage will be paid SO$ per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away fkom the main camp garage. (c). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in the yard of the main camp garage for one (I) full shift or more will be paid SO$ per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the yard. The Company will supply mechanics, welders, and machinists suitable coveralls and provide for laundering the same, two per week, free of charge. Effective date of ratification the Company, on a one-time basis only, will provide one pair of reflective insulated coveralls for an employee who works in the position of field mechanic, welder or electrician for a period of three consecutive months who is being paid field pay. The laundry serviceswill not be provided. The Company will provide for suitable cabs with climatic controls or air conditioning(where practical) on the purchase or lease (excess of 12 months) on new bulldozers, graders,buses and harvesters.

 The Company will advise the Thursday of the week preceding the week of a change, all employees affected by a change in the schedule from ten (10) hours to eight (8) hours or vice versa. 11.01 (a). The week for operations shall be six (6) days per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. The work week for day or shift workers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive or for ten (10) hour shifts Monday to Thursday or Tuesday to Friday. The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive. Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in day work jobs on the day shift Monday lo Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees may be required to work in excess of their regular work day or shift or work week and will be paid in accordance with Section 11.05 (a) for such time worked. If an employee requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonablywithheld.

 For the purpose of this agreement Sunday, a paid holiday and the "Sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 700 a.m. that day and end at 7.OO a.m. the day following. The work day or shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the 11.02 (a). hours of 7.00 am.and 5.OO p.m., mealtime excepted. 11.02 @). The night shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.OO p.m. and 5.00 am.,mealtime excepted. However, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement be scheduled to commence prior to 700 p.m. in accordance with the provisions of 11.03@). During the period of May 1 to September 30, two shift scarification operations 11.02(c). may commence at 6.OOam.. 11.03 (a). A night shift diffenntial of fifty-five cents ($35) per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work effective date of ratification, increases to fifty-six ($56)per hour. 11.03 0). On other two-shift operations the ht shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.OO am.or &er, the second shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall w m e n c e prior to 700 pm., and shall carry a shift differential of fifty-five cents ($55) per hour. Effective date of ratification, increases to fifty-six cents (9.56) per hour. 11.03 (c). On a three-shift operation, the shifts shall be eight (8) consecutivehours. The starting and stopping times for the three (3) shifts and the.shift differentials to be paid, shall be as follows. Starting Time Stopping Time between the hours of) (between the hours of) 1st shift 2nd shift 3rd shift 7a.m. 3 pm. 11 p.m. - Sam. 4.p.m. 12 a.m. 3p.m. 11p.m. 7am. 4p.m. - 12 am. - 8a.m. Shift Differenlial 1st Shift, Nil. 2nd Shift,$ 5 5 per hour. 3rd Shifl,5.65 per hour. EIfectlve date of ratincation 1st Shift, Nil. 2nd Shift,5.56 per hour. 3rd Shill, 8.68 per hour, 11.03 (d). The hours of work and the "sixth day" for dayworkm and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of the previous week. The starting and stopping times shall remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. (see Letter of Understanding). 1. An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an employee's shift schedule is changed by the Company he will be paid at one and one-half t imes his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. 2. The Company and the Union agree to extend the Starting time intaval t o m the present one hour to a maximum of two hours. The extended interval will only be used where it is beneficial to the operations and the Company will endeavour to keep the starting time interval to one hour or less. Employees on the wood haul operation may be kheduled to start within a three hour period starting between 6.oO am. and 900 a.m. or 5.oO p.m. and 8.OO pm. It is understood that after the start of the wood haul Monday momhg or Monday afternoon, employees who wish to participate will change on the fly for the balance of the week. It is understood that there will be at least eight hours between shifts. Under certain circumstances a supervisormay request that an employeenot shift change on the fly. 11.03 (e). If an employee, who has completed his scheduled work week is required for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular startin5 time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive 4 hours' pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05 (a) provided he remains available for the four hour period if so requestedby the Company. 11.04 (a). A day or shift worker, who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he works less than four (4) hours, and for a full day if he works more than four (4) hours. A tree length pieceworker who will lose more than one hour work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of one (I) hour at the feller, limber, tree length skiddingrate,providedherepodstothesupenisor,rcmainsavailableandacceptsalternate work if so requested by the Company. RAINY DAYS - The Company agecs that a decision will be made at the work site upon anival for work on rainy days. In the case of lime lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment to a cutting area and/or time required in excess ofone (I) hour to hrcvel from one assigned cutting area to another, payment shall be made for all hours lost. 11.04 (b). Aday or shill worker who reports for work at his scheduled starling lime and is unable to commence workdueto reasons beyondhis contml, shall receive four (4) hours pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours h m his scheduled starting t i e , accepts alternate work if so assigned and commenccs regular work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions of Section 11.04 (a) will apply. Should the employee work any of the hours in the second half of the shiR he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditionspermit. When the providing of allemate work necessitates a change in shill, the time and onehalf provisions of Section 11.03 (d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company i v e s notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee he may exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such employee does not have sufficient seniority to displace another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp unit and displaces anothe~employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day followingthe day notice is given. Should an employee elect to take a leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under e m to work. NotiEcalion and reporting procedures shall be established locally. (his Article, he shall be petmilled to exercise his seniorityon his r 11.05 (a). Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per day or shifl and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his designated "sixth day (Saturday or Monday) or outside his scheduled shifl shall be paid for at the rate of time and onehalf. Double h e will be paid aRer eight (8) hours of work on an employee's designated sixth day (Saturday or Monday) and Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classificationsrequiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift diffmtials shall not be considered as pari of an employe's applicable hourly rate. Employcts in the classifications specified below may be required to work in exces of eight (8) hours per day or shift and fody (40)hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to he otherprovjsions of Ariicle XI. (a) Cook @) Baker (c) SewridCook (d) Ccokee (e) choreboy (0 Watchman For employees in the job classifications listed above the hours of work per day or shift and per week will be scheduled BS follows. I. The regular work day or shift shall be eight (8) consecutivehours, mcaltune excepted. However, the work day or shift of eight (8)hours may be scheduled in any hvelve (12) hour pericd divided into not more than 2 park provided there is a break of at least eight (8) hours behvem shifts worked. The scheduled work week shall consist of five (5) consecutiveshifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Sahuday inclusive. 2. Time worked in excess of outside of the scheduled eight (8) hours per day or shifl, all hours worked in excess of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked on his "sixth day" (Sahuday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall be paid for at the rate of time and one-halt lf an employe requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employe in the above listed classificationswho is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control,shall be paid for one-half day if he is available at the stvl of his scheduled shift. and for one full day if he remains available for the stvl of the s m n d halfof his scheduled The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shiftfor the "sixthday or Sunday shall be posted on the pneeding Thursday. The starting and stopping times shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. - An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the Company. When an emplop's shift schedule is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and onehalf times his regular rate for the first shiftworked after the change. when an employee reverts to his original shifthe will be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours behvem shiftsworked. 5. If an employee who has completed his scheduled work week is called back for work on his "Sixth day" or Sunday, he shall be provided a minimumof e (8) hours work and be paid at time and one-half providedheremainsavailableifsorequestedbythe Company. 6. when asecond shift is scheduled for employees in the above listed classiEcations they shall be paid a shift differential of filly-five cents (55$) p a hour for each second shift worked. Effective date ofratification, increased to fitly-Six cent8(566). The present standard of senice by choreboys and night watchmen shall be maintained. WauCing Distance andor Riding T i e shall not be considend as t i e worked. Walking distance and riding time shall be paid for as stipulated m the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the wage schedule of this agreement. An employee, who is called out for work after completing his day or shift, or more than one (I) hour before the start of the day or shift Sal receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4)hours pay at straight time. When the call-out for work is within the one (I) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time and one-half from the starting t i e of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of the day or shift. Where the employee continu a to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05 (a) shall apply aRer he has completed eight (8) hours of work exclusiveof the time worked prior to his starting time. An employee who is called out for work on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate oveltime rate as set out in 11.05 (b) from the starting time of the call out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours at the rate of time and one-half.

 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, layoffs and d l s after layoffs, The present seniority list is frozen as of July I, 1988 and in future date of hire shall be the hasis of calculatingseniority. An employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shaU accrue seniority while on such leave of absence. An employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain d for aperiod not exceeding eleven (11) months. such a c c ~ e seniority Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has w o k d thirty (30) days within a six month period. Thatafter Article 12.01 shall apply, and the employee shall be credited with thirty (30) days of accrued seniority. Subject to the memorandum of understanding seniority will be applied on a company12.03 (a). wide basis in malls,promotions, transfers h m camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thneof, each of the employees so a~Tectedwill be permitted to exercise his seniorityand transfer to a job for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with Section 12.04, he adviscs the Company, prior to the effective date of the advance notice and in Writing on forms to be supplied by the Company, ofhis desire to transferor to be laid off. The Company wiU provide the Union Grievance Committee, prior to the intended layoff, with a list ofjobs filled by employees with less smiOritythanthose employees iven notice. It is understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, company-wide seniority will be applied only when operationscontinue in other camps for more than (I) we& othmvise the camp will be the unit of applicationof seniorityon w n a llayoffs. 12.03 @). In transfm from one job classification to another, senior nnployccs shall ncdve first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall nceive the rate for the job to which he is tansfared In case of a temporary change to a lower job classification, the employee shall ntainthe rate of his previous job classification. For determiningthe rate of pay for pieceworkers kansferred to day work, the rate specified the FelleriLmber, Tree h g t h Skidding shall apply, or the rate of the job classification which ever is higher. Employees accepting a job posting shall remain in that job for a minimum of three (3) months from the date he is qualified unless displaced from the job because of layoff or bumping pmdure. An employee may post from a camp to a commuter operation during the thne (3) month pniod. 12.03 (c). The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from wi(hin the bargaining unit in accordance with Article Xn. Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the wnp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however, that temporary appointmentsmay be mads without posting for filling vacancies of less than hvo (2) calendar weeks duration. For those employees trained by the Company, it is agrced that temporaryappohhnents may be made without posting for filling vacancies due to an authorized leave under the Calleetive Agreement of less than four (4) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Companyfor speriodof five ( 5 ) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs slating the normal job r q h e n t s . Employees shall not be considered for such jobs unless they apply in Writing within this five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on the basis of Section 12.01 of this agreement, Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five(5) work days in which to qualify (or a further time as may be mutually agreed if additional training is required). Failurs of any employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and the newly created jobs. A job duration posting of up to three months may be posted as a temporary vacancy. This posting may be extended upon the mutual agreement of the parties. Once the project is complete, the employeewill retum to his previous position. 12.03 (d). A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent hss had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, anuor a leave of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days shall be clmified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) and the job posting will note that it is of a tempomy nature. The unit of application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that vacancy is not filled h m within the camp unit it shall be filled on a company-widebasis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his retum to work shall once again occupy the job that he filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided However, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of layoff h m his formerjob has exercised his seniority on this pdcular job. In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grievance Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of layoff as possible. When the approximate time of the recall is known at the time of layoff employcw leaving camp will be informed of such appruximate date at that time. But in any case, notice in writing will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unleu other arrangements have been made, in writing. The Company agrees to submit to the Union office by April 30* of each year, an alphabetical list, in duplicate, of employees covered by this agreement, showing their hiring date following their last break in seniority and the Company seniority in days as specified in Section 12.01, as at March31", of the same year. The list will show, in addition, each employee's occupation and address. A list shall be prepared for and be posted in each camp and its contents shall be available to all employees in camps, showing their seniority standing. The list shall be brought up to date at the end of each month. An employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of this a i d e shall retain such seniority for twenty-four (24) months during IayoK Employees with live (5) years or more of continuous service will retain recall rights for a period of thirty-six (36) months following date of lay-off. An employee who quits of his own accord or is discharged and not reinstated, or fails to report to work following mall as provided in Section 12.05 of this aCticle shall automatically lose all seniority. An employe who fails to rem h m leave of absence on the date specified shall lose his seniority unless his rehun to work on time is prevented by circumstancesbeyond his conkal. Any employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall continue to accrue seniority for a period not exceedingthirly(30) days in any calendar year and will retain the total accrued seniority for apenod not exceeding eleven (11) months fiom the date ofpromotion or transfer and shall have the right to exercise his senioriry in accordance with all the provisions of this article upon proof of Union membershipin good standing. Supervisory personnel who are generally employed on seasonal operations and who have not acquired seniority, in accordance with this article, may be placed on jobs listed in the bargaining unit during the off season, provided that this does not interfere with the application of seniority ofany employet Such personnel shall apply for Union membership prior to being placedon the jab and maintain their Union membership in good standing. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with Section 12.01 of Article Xn to meet the Company's labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively they shall be trained by the Company. When jobs are discontinued,due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs in accordance with Article XI. If an employa requires trainingto perfom the alternatejob effectively, he will be trained by the Company, provided the job he has applied to be trained for, is expected to last for aperiod ofthm (3) monthsor more. It is understood that this does not apply to seasonal layoff. Severance Pay. Effective date of ratification an employte with One (I) or more years of service for whom no job is available because of mechanization, technological changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to m i v e a severance allowance of one week's pay for each ycsr of completed senice since the last date of hire. Severance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty (40) hours at the mployee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment. It is understood that an employeewho chooses la meive the severance allowance shall be deemed to have abandoned the right to be recalled and the employee's name will be removed h m the senioritylist.

 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealingwith Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the approval of the camp foreman before such posting.

 14.01(a). Effective first of month following date of ratification, for each employee who has utablihed seniority in aceordancewith Article W the Company agrees to pay the premium for Blue Cross or its equivalent and semi-privatehospital care plans. The Company contribution to employees who are off work due to a Workplace Safety& Insurance Board claim or a short term disability claim will be continued for a period of up to twelve (12) months. Ifthe Company's contribution exceeds the premiums required for medical, surical, drug and hospital care places, the balance will be applied to such other employee benefits as may be a g e d upon between the Company and the Union. Pending m g e m e n t between the Company and the Union as to the application of contributions over and above the premiums required, such additional monies will be paid iuect to the employee. The Company will continue coverage for the laid-off employee to the end of the month following month of lay-off. The Company will compensate an employee when a fee is charged by a physician for completion of medical certificate required to supporl a claim for benefits pursuant to the Weekly or Long Term Disability Plans. Such payment shall be to a maximum amount of $50.00 per certificate and will be initiated upon presentation of a receipt from fhe attendingphysician. 14.Ol (b) ENective the date of ratification the Company will cover 50% of the cost of a chiropractor and physiotherapy sewices to be a combined maximum of $20.00 per visit to a yearly maximum of $300.00per family member. Effective date ofratification amend the existing definition for eligible children under the Drug and Hospital Care Plan to include unmark4 children until the age of 25 if attending an educational institution on a full lime basis.

 The Company will provide SSS,O00 of Life Insurance for each employee while actively employed. Effective fmt of the month following date of ratification $SS,OOO will increase to $60,000. Effmtive September I", 2004, $60,000will increase to S75,OM). The cost to the employee will not ex& .30$per $l,oOO per month. For employees not actively at work on that date the mcnase in insurance will become effective on the date he retums to active employment.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium cost of Weekly Indemnity Insurance Plan. The Plan will provide seventy percent (70%) of Weekly eamings forty (40) h o w times an employee's regular rate and pieceworkers forty (40)hours times the feller, limber and tree length skidding hourly rate) up to a maximum of five hundred and forty ($540.00) per week, for an employee who commences weekly indemnity on or after the first of the month following date of ratification. Weekly Indemnity will commence on the fmt day in case of a non compensable accident and after three (3) continuous days from the commencement of a disability due to sichess or on the date when admitted to a hospital within the b t thm (3) days of illness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (52) weeks. Effective the fust of the month following ratification, for all new claims, employees actively at work, amend the Plan to provide maximum weekly benefit to $580.00 per week. Effective September I, 2004, for all new claims increasemaximum to S59O.oOperweek The Company will provide a Long Term Disability Plan. The Plan forms part of the agreement and is attached hereto as Appendix "A". The premium cost of the Plan will be borne by the Company. Remove maximum benefit.

 When death occurs to a member of an employee's immediate family, that is an employee's father, mother, wife, husband, brother, sister, children, grandparents, mother-in-law, fatherin-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, and grandchild, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (a) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers eight (8) ties the feller, limber, tree lcngth skidding hourly rate) for tic lost up to a maximum of three (3) days. The intent of this clause is to allow the employee to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. Io the case of death of spouse or children the employee will be granted five ( 5 ) days leave with pay. Any claims for bereavement pay will be submitted by the e m p l o p to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate f d l y . It is understood that for purposes ofthis Articlestep-relativeswill bcconsidered the same as blood relatives. The employee will be paid ten (10) hours if scheduled a ten (10) hour shift.

 In the case of an employeewho is called for jury mvice, or subpoenaed in a court of law the Companyshall pay, for each day of such setvice, an allowance equal to the Merence behveen eight (8) hours of pay based on his regular straight t i e hourly rate Cpifficwokerseight (8) hours pay b a d on the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate), and the payment he received for jury sewice. The employee will present proof ofsenice and ofpay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance.

 See Letter of Understanding- Pillow Camp The Company will provide a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employee on the following basis. Participation in this plan is Ih$ted to employees who have wumulatedsixty five (65) days of senioritywith the Company. PlanDesiq (a) Service and benefits as provided in Blue Cross No. Basic Plan and Rider No. 1. Maximum $1,500 per calendar year per person. (b) Service and benefits 83 provide in Blue Cross Rider No. 2 (50%)). (c) (d) Provide for a 1 year lag O.D.A.schedule of fees. OIthodontd services and benefits as provided in Blue Cross (Rider No. 3) to SO% to a lifetime maximum of S1,ooO. Companywill pay increase premium for this coverage. It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an employee is off work due to layoff or leave of absence, but in no case beyond the end of the month followingthe month in which such absence commenced. 3. Admistration The Plan will be administered in accordance with an appropriate conhact or set of procedures reflecting the Plan design outlined in Item 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers insurance companies or selfadmiistration will be made by thecompany on the basisofappropriatestudy ofthese altwnatives. The premium cost of this plan shall be paid by the Company. S.Interntion The Plan will not provide l i e benefits where such are c m t l y being provided by federal or provincial legislation. Ifduring the life of this agreement federal or provincial governmentsshall inlmduce legislation to providebenefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminatesaid benefits.

 The Company will provide a vision care plan which will provide for expensesincud byan amount andor his covered dependents when prescribed by a physician or optometrist BS follows. Frames, lenses and (he fitting of prescription glass kluding contact lenses up to a lotnl payment of one hundred and fifty dollars ($150.00)per family member in any two (2) consecutive calendar years. Effective September 1,2004, coveragewill increase to one hundred and sixty dollars ($160.00) per family member.

 Effective September 1,2000, Ulree cents $0.03 per regular hours worked for each employee shall be paid to the Union office in order to pay for educational needs ofthe employees. Power Saw Feller Limber TIL Skidder Feller, Limber, TIL. Non Production Mechanical Skldder Wheeled Mechanical Skidder Grapple Feller Buncher Operalor Mechanical Ddimber Operator Truck Driier Rock Truck Driver TIL TN& Driver. Float TNCk Driver T L Sdf Loader T ~ c Driver k Gravel Front End Loader Operators nS Disc Trencher Opralor Bulldozer Operalor 'A' Bulldozer Operalor "B" Treelength Loader Backhoe Operalor -Rd.Conskclion Car Man P f e n h Operator Grader Operalor 8uli Cwk Cwk (20*) Cook (1-20) Cookee Handyman Labourer Watchman Camp Mechanic Lead Mechanic Class '1' MechanlcCiass"2" Welder Class "A' Sept. 112002 Seut 112003 Welder Class '2' Welder Class '1" Welder Lead Pj Prod. Cut & Limb Pj Prod. Fulltree Fw Prod. Cut & Limb Pr Prod. Cut & Limb Flre Fighter Student Corp. SlasherOperator Processor Operator ForwarderOperator Crew Leader 1.35 per hour plus regular daily fate 'Active employees who have worked one thousand (1,OOO) hours or more within the twelve (12) months immediatelypmxding the effective date of ratification may elect to receive a onetime lump sum payment of fifteenhundred dollars ($1,500) to be paid thmugh direet deposit or 89 a one-time transfer to an RRSP as permitted by law. Active employeeswho have worked less than one thousand (1,ooO) hours within the twelve months immediatelypreceding the effective date of ratification will w i v e a pro-rated lump sum amount equivalent to seventy-five cents (S.75) for each hour worked in this period. ' An employee who is assigned to train another employee shall be paid his regular rate plus thiay cents (30$)per hour during the training assignment. Pieceworken shall be paid at the feller-limber rate plus thirty cents QO$) per hour. It is agreed that incentives may be applied in conjunction with the above daily rates which p& lo mechanical operations. A day worker using power saw at Companyrequest will be paid a power saw rental of- Effective date of ratification, $11.00 per 8 hour day or shift when felling and limbing. Effective date of ratification, 312.00 per 8 hour day or shift bucking at a landing on a skidding operations. If he is unable to work the full day or shift for when he works less than four (4) hours and a full day's rental when he works more than four (4) hours. Wnee Schedule General Waee Increase EffectiveSeptember I, 2002 EffectiveSeptember I, 2003 Effective September I, 2004 - $03Ohour S0.SOho~r OO.55kour Reforestation Waee Schedule Incrcase all hourly rates EffectiveSeptember 1, 1998 EffectiveSeptember 1,1999 . Effective September I, 2000 - Effective September I, 1978 a supplementof seventy-threccents(S.73) per hour will be paid to pieceworlters. PIECEWORKRATES -Cutting andpiling 100" Rough Spruce &Balsam loo" Peeled S p m & Balsam loo" Rough Poplar loo" Peeled Poplar 100" Rough Jack Pie If the cutter is required to pile two species separately, an additional twelve cents (124 per cord will be paid on all wood separated. For Strip cutters, a bonus of $1.64 per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip runningunder 12 cords per acre, and on such portions of strip less than 660 feet in length. For strip cutters, a bonus of $2.73 per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip runningunder 7 cords per acre,and on such portion of strips less than 660 feet in length. 1. Cut and Skid Tree Lmath Rates. per tree length piece, butt diameter measure as per attached schedule. The Companywill supply each crew with askidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. No cutting bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. No poor bush bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduledrates. Supplement of seventy.threecents (.73$) per hour will be paid in accordance with Article W-E. 2. Measurement Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. Butt diameter to be clearlymarked on each butt by the d e r . The number of employeesin each cut and skid crew shall not exceed 2 employees at any time. 4. $bddinaDistance Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 R. for a three (3) man crew sldddingtree length. Skidding distance shall not exceed 900 ft. for a two (2) man crew skidding tree length or full tree when skidwayplacement not adjacent to a road. Skidding distance shall not exceed 1,200 feet for a two (2) man crew skiddingtree length or whole tree to a road. 5. SorlineBonus when at Companyrequest, the crew is requiredto sort wood 2.86% of base earnings will be paid. 6. W a b a and Ridine Tin& Payment for Waking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with Section F of the Wage Schedule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). 7. Skidway Preuaration where skidway sites are prepared by the crew, 5% of base earningswill be paid. Butt Spruce & Balsam SeptU98 Spruce & Balsam Sept 1/99 Diameter Spruce & Balsam Jackpine Jackpine Jackpine Sept 1/00 Sepi 1/98 Sepi1/99 SeptllOO Butt Spruce & Spruce & Diameter Balsam Balsam Sept. 1/98 Spruce & Balsam Jackpine Jackpine Jackpine Sept. 1/99 Sept. 1/00 Sept 1/98 Sept. 1/99 Sept. 1/00 WALKING DISTANCE AND RIDING TlME where a day workers fravellingtime from camp to working place is comprised of riding andor walking time, he shall be paid for all traveUing time in ex- of one-half hour each way at his regular rate of pay. where a pieceworker's travelling time from camp to w o h g place is comprised of riding a d o r walking time, he shall be paid for all travelling time in excus of one-half hour each way at the feller, l i m b a rate. For the purpose of this agreement, it is agreed that pieceworkers and day workers will walk at the rate of 3 miles per hour. For the purpose of this agreement a stacked cord of eight foot (8)rough pulpwood shall be 50" x loo" x 4'; a stacked cord of peeled pulpwood shall be 100" x 48" x 4'. Rille per cord The Company and the Union agree that commuter operalions shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. (1.) Commuters are employees who. (a.) Are resident within reasonable riding andor walking distance of the area of operations, and (b.) who are not provided board and lodging by the Company. (2.) (a,) An employee who is not ansident within reasonableriding andlor walking distanceon a commuter operation, who exercises his seniority in accordance with Article W on this operation, shall receive. 510.47 per day. In lieu of being provided board and lodging in a camp for each day that he is available for work as per his scheduled work week (including ovetiimc days). He shall conhue to receive the commuter allowance for the term of the agreement or until such time that. (i.) He r e m in accordance with the provision of Article XU, Seniority, lo employment in acamp where board and lodging is made availableto him. If an employee, who is not a resident withinrwonable riding andor walking distance of a COIIUIIU~Ropmtion, elects not to fill a job vacancy of qual or greater status in a camp operation, or on a commuter operation of which he is a resident, and which he is qualified in accordance with Article W to occupy, he will forfeit the commuter allowance as per Article 2 (a) above, for the remaining period he continues to be employed on this commuter o p t i o n . (ii.) He has established himself as a nsident of theparticular commuter operation. (iii.) He is laid offin accordancewith the provisions of Article W, Seniority. A new employee who is not a resident and who is hired to work in a commuting operation, shall receive $10.47 per day in lieu of providing board and lodging in camp for each day that he is available for work as per his scheduled work week (including overtime days) up to 100 days or until such time that. (i.) He is employed in accordancewith the provision of Article W, Seniority, in a camp where board and lodging is made available to him. If an employee, who is not aresident within reasonable riding andor walking distance of a commuter operation, elects not to fill a job vacancy of qual or greater status in a camp operation, or on a commuter operation of which he is a resident and which he is qualified in accordance with Article W to occupy, he will forfeitthecommuterallowanceasperAtticle2(a) above, forthe remaining period he continues to be employed on this commuter operation. 3. (a.) (ii.) He has established himself as a resident of that particular commuting area of operations. (iii.) He is laid off in accordancewith the provisions of Article XU, Seniority. An employee fmm a camp operation, or fmm a commuter operation which he is a resident, exercising his seniority to a job of equal status in accordance with Article W on a job posting and by so doing becomes a nonresident of a commuter opedon, will not bcctigibleforthecommulcrallowanceas~Article2(a.)above. The Company will arrange to provide free transportation fmm a designated marshalling p i n t or points, to and from the parking site or sites in the operating areas. Time spent by pieceworkers or dayworkers travelling on the Company transportation vehicle fmm a marshalling pint to a parking site plus time spent walking fmm the parking site to place of work, in excess of one-half hour each way shall be paid for on the following basis. (a.) Dayworkers at their regular rate of pay. @.) Pieceworkers at the feller-liberrate. (c.) Piecewoxkm shall be paid in aeeonianee with subsections 1,2 and 3 of Dl Walkkg Distance and Riding Time. Walking time based on the rate of onequartn of a mile equals five (2) minutes shall k added to the riding time. Travelhg time so computed shall be credited not less than once each month. 4. Marshallma Points West Branch Commuter- will be the 26 mile (junction of the Charcoal and West Branch mads) on the West Branch Rod Sultan Commuter. Marshalling point will be at present location Company gale south of Sultan. Thc Company will arrange to provide free transportation from Sultan. A cmhal departun point in the town of Sultanwill be established locally, GogamaCommutcr -Marshallingpoint tobethejunctionofliighways144and560. The Company will arrange to provide free lramportation from Gogama. A cenhal departure point in the town of &gama will k established I d l y . Cartier Commuter (a.) For operations North of Benny the Marshalling point will be Benny. The Company will arrange to provide bansportation from Cartin. A central departure point in the t o m of Cartier will be established locally. For operations South of Benny, the Marshalling point will be the mhal departure point established in (a). The Company will m g e to pmvide traDspotlation from Benny to the marshallingpoint Number of Persons Ealiig I - 1s SecondCook For every 25-man i n c m in camp, one extra penonwill be provided. It is weed that lhis schedule may bechanged bymutual consmt during the term of this A p m e n t when labour saving deviccs or other factors reducing the work are inhoducui The Company a p e s that shifi workers shall be send at Iwt two (2) hot mcals per day in addition to any hot lunches. Three-shifl operation. where more than IO men and less than 20 men are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned. Where 20 men or more are fed in the cookery at night, a cookee will be assigned and a second wok will be added to the cookery schedule, and assignedwith thecookee at night. A travel allowance of 515.08 will be paid for each week of active employmentfor all employeeswho have establisHedseniority. Allowances will not be paid to any employee where transportation is provided from a designated marshallingpoint to a recognized commuter opnation. The allowance will not be paid for any full week that the employeeis not at work. where any employee is at work for only pari of the week, he will receive the full allowance. Allowances for new camps shall be relative to the foregoing when such camps become operational. Apprenticeship openings will be filled in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.03 (c) (lob Postiigs). Employees who meet the educational level specified by the apprenticeship act will qualify. There will be a probationary period of up to tlurty (30) working days prior to entming into an apprenticeshipagreement, during which time the employee may rehun, or failing to display the necessary mechanical aptitudebe returned to his formerjob without loss of seniority. Any apprentice who fails to satisfactorily complete the Ontario Apprentice Propame may be retained in his classification pnd allowed to p r o p to Mechanic Iwithout prejudice. Once an employee enters an apprenticeshipcontract, it is expected he will continue to fulfill the obligationsofthe contract, including necessarytrainingperiods in avccational school. The apprentice may receive a weekly training allowance kom the government while attendmg a Trade School Course. The Company will supplement this Allowance to provide the apprentice with a total weekly income qual to forty (40) ties his regular hourly rate of pay. Calculation of the Companfs portian will be based on the government allowance for an apprenticewho is able to live at home while attending the Trade School. lfthe apprentice i s required to live away from home i n order t o attend a Trade School he will receive the Company pay supplement referred to above in addition to any increased allowance paid by the government to an apprentice living away from home while attendingschool. An apprentice's entitlement to Vacation with Pay, Paid Holiday Pay, Weekly Indemnity, Funeral and Bereavement Lave will not be affected by his &endance at a Trade School, nor will his participation in any employee welfare plans in which he is enrolled. Providing a Tradesman ha completed the time in the hade ncccssaryto write for a Provincial Trade Certificate. he may write for such cntifcate and receive the "A" rate immediately following his come of studies and notification thal a Trade Certificatewill be issued. If an apprentice is entitled to a reduction in the term of his apprenticeship because of academic achievement he shall enler his apprenticeship at the p r o p categoryas per the Job Description. m r Rquired to work as an assistantto other mechanics as assigned. Shallbe upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year petidto Helper Class "A". A helper Wjll comenceto accumulalecommon mechanicaltools. In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitableemployment. Helper Class "A" He shall under the directionof mechanicsof a higher classification work on all types of equipment used on woods operations;shall be capable of performingthe followingjobs independently. tin repair, wash jobs, greasingand oiling service. A helpaenteingthe trade at this level will commence to accumulatecommon mechanicaltools. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year periodto Mechanic U. In the event that he fails to display the nectary aptitude for further baining he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitableemployment. He shall be capable under dmtion of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner on gasoline andor diesel powered equipment generallyuscd in woods operations.II is expected that eligible personnel shall put forth every effoti to obtain a h v h c i a l Trade Certificate. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manna on gasoline andlor diesel powered equipment generally used in woods operations. He will be required to dinet assistants working unda him and must assume full rspodbility for all work perfonned by himself or his assistants. Where a present mechanic or a person subsequentlyhired has no certificate but has special training andlor is assignedon only one type of equipment he will automaticallybc rated as a Mechanic I. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient m e r on gasoline and/or diesel powered equipment generally used inwoods operations. He will be required to direct assistants working under him and must assume full responsibility for all work performed by himself or his assistants. He must be in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate recommcndd by the Minishy of Labour of Ontario. Mechanics presmtly employed in this classificationwill not be nquind to have a Certificate. In addition t o fulfilling all o f t he qualifications o f a Mechanic Class "A" and being in possession of a Provincial Trade Certificate he shall have an advanced theoretical and practical train;lp in equipment subsystems or be in possession of both a motor vehicle mechanic cedifieate and a heavy duty equipment mechanic certificatereco&ed by the Ministry of Labour of Ontario. A Mechanic Lad is appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualificationsset gut under Mechanic Class "A" and in addition shall be capable of leading other mechanics. Mechanics presently employed in this categoryare not nquued to have a h m c i a l Trade Ceflificate. Required to work as an assistant to welders as assigned. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one year period to Helper Class "A". In the event that he fails to display the necessary aptitude for further training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitableemployment. Helper Class "A". He shall be capable under directionofperforming the following. Oxyacetyleneand elechical welding in flat position with opportunityof working in other positions. Cutting, solderingand brazing. He shall be upgraded prior to or at the end of a one ycar period to Welder II. In the event that he fails to display the nceessBly aptitude for Mer training, he may at any time during this period be placed in other suitablemplopent. He shall bc capable under dinclion of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall also have an understanding of types of flames,oxidizingand carbonizing. Shall be cmable without direction of Derforming-all iobs . wimed - to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electricalwelding in any position. He shall be capable of performing both types of welding in all positions with all metals used on woods operations. He must assume responsibilityfor all work performed by himself or his assistants. He shall be capable without direction of performing all jobs assigned to him in an efficient manner in both oxyacetylene and electrical welding in any position. He shall have an understandingof types of flames, oxidizing and carbonizing. He shall be proficient in both types of welding in all positions with all melals used on woads operations. He must be able to fabricatefrom a blueprint. He must mume responsibilityfor all work perfomed by himself or his assistants. He must be in possessionof the necessary trade certificate. Welders presently employed in this classificationwill not be required to have atrade certificate. A Welder lead k appointed as the need arises, must possess the qualification set out under Welder Class "A" and in addition shall be capable of leading other welders. Welders presently employed in this categoryare not requiredto have a trade entiftcate. Tradesmen including welders will furnish all hand tools common to the trade. Mechanics will furnish Spanners up to I-II"' opening, sockets sets up to and including %" drive, drive set to include sockets from %"to 2'. ratchet, power bar, and extensions; adjustable wrenches up t o 18"in length, hammers, chisels, punches, screw drivers and tool boxes. Metric tools to include spanners fmm 6mm to 24mm and %"and %"drive socketsfrom 6mm to 24mm and Allen wrenches from6mm to l h . The Companywill provide on loan any special toolsincludingpowndrivm tools, testingandmeasuringinshumcntsand gauges, puller, wkets OVM %" drive, spannersover 1-In" opening. As a one t i e offer, the Company will subsidize the purchase of the neeessay meeic toollng for the existing working mechanics on the seniority list. This fitly percent subsidy of the cost of purchase to be applied against mutually a p e d to (001 purchases. The Company agrees that it will provide coverage against loss by h,theft or breaking of tradmens ' tools, while on authorized Company property or worksites. The Company waves the right to limit or deny the ceplacement of tools where negligence by tradesmen are found. In order to receive lhis coverage tradesmen shall be required to supply to the Company an up-to-date inventory of such tools, so that proper coverage can be provided. Upon p m f of replacement purchase, the Company shall pay up to a maximum of $300.00 per year as tool and tool box allowance to all tradespasans. Once each year during the month of November, a gmup which is comprised of the Divisional Mechanical Superintendent,Mechanical Supervisorsand two qualified representativesof the Union will determine by review whether helpers and hadesmenqualify for u p p i n g . If in the interim, upgrading is necessary, it will be done by the Divisional Mechanical Supaintendent and Mechanical Supervisor. The Company will provide and administer a non-contributory pension plan for all hourly-rated Forestry employees with I ycar continuousmice (165 day). Normal r e t i i e n t will be the b u s t day of month following attainment of age 65, An employee with 10 years of Company service can elect to retire at age 55 however the monthly payments will be actuarially reduced. The cost ofthe plan will be paid by the Company. Effective January i, 1994 amend current pension plan to provide for a monthly benefit equal to Twenty ($20.00)dollars timesyears of continuous service for all past and future snvice. Ihe Company will provide the opportunityfor employees on LTD and WSB over one year, the option of maintaining medical and dental plan coverage provided the employeespay the requindmonthly premiums. Earlv Retirnent Reduction Factors Effective Janua~y1994, those employees with ten (IO) ycars of Company service can retire behveen the age of 60 and 65 with a 5% reduction in their pmion for each year they retire prior to age 65 as noted in the fable below. %or Pension Pavabls Guaranteed Pavments Ifa retired employe's denth occurs before he has received 60 monthly paymenls of retirement income under the plan, his retirCment income payments will continue to be paid to his beneficiary until the mnainda of the 60 monthly payments has been paid from the trust fund. Survivine SDouse Pension If a manied employee with IO y m of continuous service with the Company, who qualifies for early r e h e n t &er age 55 and before age 65, dies before his retirement date the employee's surviving spouse will receive 60% of the earned pension allowance for the life of the suniVing spouse, commencing on the fyst day of the month following date of dcath. Uthc surviving spouse is more than IO years younger than the deceased employee, the monthly pension would be actUatiallyreduced. Dissbilihr Benefit An employee with at least 10 years of continuous service who has attained age 55, has qualified for disabilitybenefits under the CPPIQPP and is totally and permanently disabltd will be eligible for a monthly disabilitypmsion without ~tuarialreduction. Su~olameotalPlan For each employee who contributes $70.00 per month, the Company will contribute an equal amount of $70.00per month. Effective September 1,2M)3 increaseto $75.00 Effective September I, 2004 increase to $80.00 Vesting rights. &er 1 year. Minimum 1 year continuous senice. Cost of administeringof the plan will be the responsibility of the Company. Employees who are offwork due to a Workplace Safety and Insurance Board or a Weekly Indemnity claim for a period of up to twelve (12) months can continue to contribute towards the SupplementaryPension Plan. Effective January 1, 1995, the c m t supplemental plan as outlined in the cumnt Collective Agreement will become compulsory for all employees on the seniority list at that t i c provided they have one (I) year of continuous service. The obligation to join the Supplement Plan will remain voluntary for those employees who an 55 years of age and over as of July 18,1999. Upon earlyrelirement and up to Age 65, employees shall receive the benefits of the Drug Plan and Life Insurance, if the employee agnes to pay the annual premium, payable in one lump sum at the beginning of cach year. Active employees who have worked more than twenty-five (25) years of continuous service for the Company and who retire at age of 60 or later will be eligible for a bridging supplement equal to $10.00 per month per year of swice to a maximum of 30 years of service. The above bridfig supplement will be paid on a monthly basis until the attainment of age 65 or the death of the retiree, whichever occurs tirst. The Company agrees to review it's present return to work program through a committee of 4 people (2 Management, 2 Union)with due regard to the Union's submission. Theompany will print one bilingual Collective Agreement and will supply four hundred (400) copies to the Union. It is understood that the original signed English agreement prevails. In the Witness whereofthe parties hereto have caused this Apeement to be siped by their representativesthis 3dhday of May, 2003, in Sudbuy, Ontario Eric Bukowicki Christina Ouellette /d/L Richard Pellerin (Hereinafter referred to us the “Company”) (Eerelnafter referred to ps the “Union”) Signedon the 18th dayoflanuary, 1979. The Company and the Union agree that where it is necessary for the Company to increase its work force of employees listed on the seniority list for the sole purpose of carrying out seasonal silviculture work, (reforestation) the Company may hire additional employees to perform season silviculture work under the provisions of the Collective Agreement and as amended by this Addendum for such seasonal employees. RE. Article V Union Membershle (a). The employees hired to perform seasonal silviculture work shall not be required to make an application to become a member of the Union while they remain employed at such work. (b). The Company shall put these employees on check-off at the time of hire and deduct the Union’s monthly membership dues from monies due them and remit same to the Union offce monthly, accompanied with the list of said employees. RE. Article VI Vacations with Pay For each aforesaid employees, Vacation with Pay credits shall be paid at the rate of 4% of his gross earnings and the total accrued amount of credits shall be paid by cheque to each employee at the time of termination or layoff from such seasonal employment. For such aforesaid employees who qualify under section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the holidays listed in 7.01 excluding floating holidays. The employee must have worked the last scheduled shift before, and the first