Article X of the Agreement and to ensure to the utmost extent The purpose of this agreement is to secure for the Company and the Union the full benefits of orderly and legal collective bargaining in respect to hours, wages, working conditions, and living conditions as specified in

Section 11.04 (a) will aoolv. possible the safety and physical welfare of employees, economy of operation, quality and quantity of output and protection seeks to provide of property. This Agreement, *OreO"er, for fair and peaceful adjustments of all disputes that may arise between the parties. It is recognized as a duty of the parties hereto and of all employees to co-operate fully, individually and collectively for the advancement of the conditions set forth herein.

Section 12.04, he advises the Company, prior to the effective The Company and the pnion agree one with the other .c&t they will abide by the Articles of this Agreement from September 1, 1987 to Aucjust 31, 1990 inclusive, and from year to year thereafter unless-@ither party desire to change or terminate the Agreement, in which case the party desiring the change or termination shall notify the other party, at least sixty (60) days prior to September in writing, lst, of the particular year that such is its desire. Either party opening the Agreement in the manner provided above shall notify the other party in writing as to the changes desired.

 3.01 (a). The Company recognizes the Union as the sole collective bargaining agency for all of its employees who are engaged in Wpods operations on the limits, and on the ,w_q.xk For our~oses of this Article, Company sitesi--af-7% Comoanv. shall . b& th‘ose employed in the -job employees all classifications set out in the wage schedule attached to and forming a part of this Agreement, including those who are emaloved on iob classifications which may be established and be-co& part-of the attached wage schebule during the term of this Agreement. The employees of Contractors engaged by the Company 3.01 (b). on the limits and work sites of the Company shall be considered employees within the terms of this Agreement; save and except the employees of Contractors and/or the Contractors who are engaged to perform occasional special services not commonly performed by employees covered by the terms of this Agreement, employees of contractors where such Contractors are engaged for the purpose of erecting structures and where such a contractor is bound by an Agreement, with a Union or Unions affiliated with a central labour body, covering such work. 3.01 (cl. The Company and the Union agree that an operator who enters into a Third Party agreement with the Company and the Ministry of Natural Resources, and produces forest products for the Company or any of the six negotiating companies, shall have an agreement with the Union covering such operations. 3.01 cd). This section is subject to the provision of Letter of Understanding - Recognition - Jurisdiction. Supervisory personnel, which includes contractors whose employees are considered to be employees under this Agreement, shall not perform wxk which would normally be a function of an employee in the job classifications covered by this Agreement, except when instructing employees and in cases of emergency which involve physical danger to employees or danger to property. It is agreed that Company operations shall not be interrupted as the result of any jurisdictional dispute Questhat may arise between the Union and any other Union. tions of jurisdiction shall conform to the regulations covering such matters in accordance with the provisions of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario.

 The wage schedule part of this Agreement. is attached hereto, and forms If during the life of this Agreement, a significant change in job content occurs in any job classification listed in the attached wage schedule the rate thereto shall be adjusted by negotiations between the parties. Upon failure to reach agreement, the matter may be referred to Stage III of the Grievance Procedure. When changes are to be made in operating methods including major alterations in established work patterns job classifications, requiring the establishment of new the Company will give the Union at least 30 days advance notice in writing. During the 30 day period prior to the implementation of such changes, upon request by the Union, the Company will meet with the Union, and discuss such changes. For the new job classifications the Company shall set temporary rates. Any such rates will be based on comparison with prevailing rates for similar and/or related occupations in the wage schedule. Following implementation of such changes, the negotiations for rates covering the new job classifications resulting from such changes shall commence without delay. After agreement is reached such rates shall become In the event that the of the attached waqe schedule. parties do not reach agreement on the rates for the new classifications within 30 davs of the effective date of the change or alterations ~the matter may be referred to The 30-&y period Stage III of the Grievance procedure. may be extended by mutual consent of the parties. part New rates when established shall be retroactive to the date of establishment of the new classification. The Company agrees that when a rate for a job classification is or becomes part of the attached wage schedule, the Company will not change the method of payment for such job classification from day work to piecework or vice versa if such a change adversely affects the average earnings of the employees concerned.

 The company agrees that it is in favour of its becoming members of by this Agreement employees covered the Union and will facilitate Union membership solicitations as hereinafter provided. 5.02 (a). Subject to the provision of the Labour Relations Act and the regulations made thereunder, any employee who is now a member in good standing or who becomes or is reinstated as a member of the Union, shall, as a condition of in good continued such membership employment, maintain standing throughout the term of this Agreement. In the event of the Union intending to suspend a member, the Company shall be notified by the Union in writing at least seven (7) days before such suspension. 5.02 (bl. The Company shall, after complying with Article XII Seniority, advise the Union from time to time of the Company's labour requirements. When hiring additional employees the Company will give preference to Union members who apply and who are capable of doing work required of them. The Company shall furnish the Union Steward with a list of new employees arriving in camp each week. 5.02 Cc). New employees shall make application to join the Union when first approached to do so by a duly authorized The company Union Steward, Official or Representative. shall, upon hiring, advise all new employees by letter to report to the Union Steward within ten (10) days of commencing work. Failure of an employee to comply with the conditions herein shall be cause for immediate termination of employment. An individual employee, who is a member of the Union or becomes a member. the Comwnv acrrees that it will deduct Union initiation fdes and/or- monthly membership dues from monies due him. The deduction authorization shall be transferred from camp to camp during the course of his employment. Remittance of all deductions shall be sent to the Union; said remittances to be accompanied by itemized lists in alphabetical order, in duplicate, of names with Christian names as payrolled, stated date of birth, and amount by camps. The Company will endeavour to deliver these lists as soon as possible, but not later than the end of the following month. Representatives carrying proper credentials shall have the right to visit all operations in connection with Union business and shall report to camp supervisor or clerk Credentials carried by the Union Repon arrival at Camp. resentatives shall consist of a certificate of authority signed by the President and Secretary of the Union; and said representatives to be provided board and lodging if available, on the Company premises at the prevailing contract rate. The Union shall furnish the Company with a list of Union Officers and Representatives and shall amend these The Company will furnish a list lists as changes occur. of supervisory personnel to the Union office at the start of the contract year and amend it, if required, at the end The amended list will show the effective of each month. Failure to advise the Union of such date of the changes. changes will not in any way affect the authority of Company supervisors.

 6.01 (a). Vacation Pay shall be paid to each employee by cheque to be issued at the time of termination of employment, or at the employee's option, at the time of layoff, or when vacation is taken. Administration - Company agrees by April 1, 1981 at time vacation with pay credits are paid, amounts and income tax deductions will be set out separately on pay stub. - 5 6.01 (b). E a c h 2 % i n c r e m e n t o f Vacation p=Y entitles an employee to one (1) week of time off. An employee who has worked continuously for one year, must take his full entitlement to time off, at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his supervisor. An employee has the right to take his full entitlement to time off, whether or not he has worked continuously for one (1) year at a time or times satisfactory to himself and his supervisor. following Vacation basis. with Pay credits shall be paid on the (a). 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 1,000 days. (b). 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 1,000 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (cl. 8% of gross earnings for employees who have than but less worked 2,000 days cl1 Inore 4,400 days. Cd). 10% of gross earnings have worked 4,400 d a y s than 5,400 days. (e). earnings for employees 12% of gross have worked more than 5,400 days. for employees who or m o r e b u t l e s s vacation Effective September 1, credits shall be paid on the following basis. with who (a). 4% of gross earnings for employees who have worked less than 800 days. (b). 6% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 800 days or more but less than 2,000 days. (cl. 8% of gross earnings for employees who have worked 2,000 days or more but less t h a n 4,000 days. (d). earnings 10% of gross have worked 4,000 days than 5,400 days. (e). have for employees who or more b u t l e s s of gross earnings for employees worked more than 5,400 days. who (f). Supplementary Vacation with Pay, Employees who have worked more than 5,000 days for the Company shall receive the following additional vacation in the calendar year in which they attain. Age Age Age Age Age ?7eek iieeks Weeks Weeks Weeks (2 % of gross earnings) (4 % of gross earnings) (6 "a of gross earnings) (8 % of gross earnings) Cl0 "s of gross earnings) is agreed that employees with vacation entitlement will be encourased to utilize vacation a period shutdown as scheduled part of their vacation time entitlement. It Days worked for purposes of this Article shall mea" all days worked, plus working days which normally would have been worked but were lost as a result of sickness or injury certified by a licensed physician, dentist, or chiropractor, plus the total number of days on Union business, training, holidays with PaYI off-the-job vacation, jury An employee duty and bereavement leave in any calendar year. who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of Article XII shall retain his accumulation of service for his rate of vacation pay for as long as he retains seniority rights with the Company.

 Employees who qualify under Section 12.02 shall be paid without the performance of work for the following holidays. New Years Day, Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Labour Day, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day r Christmas Day and Boxing Day. When any of the above holidays falls on Saturday, it shall be observed on the Drecedins Fridav and if the holiday falls on Sunday, it wili be obs&ed on the following Monday. Employees who have accumulated one hundred and twenty (120) days seniority will be granted two (2) floating holidays per year. Such holidays will be taken at a time satisfactory to the employee and his supervisor. An employee who by reason of layoff is prevented from taking his floating holidays shall receive pay in lieu of such holidays. Dominion D=Y and Remembrance D=Y The holidays, may be observed on any such other day as may be mutually agreed to by the parties to this agreement. In the case of Good Friday, Victoria Day, Dominion Day, Civic Holiday, Thanksgiving Day, Remembrance Day holidays, qualified employees to be eligible for holiday pay, must work their last work day or shift preceding the holiday and be in camp ready for work at the start of their first work day or shift following the holiday. In the case of Labour Day, Christmas, Boxing Day and New Years Day, there will be a scheduled shutdown excluding essential services. It is agreed that dates will be arranged by the parties. Either party may initiate discussions at least holiday. see Letter o f two weeks prior to the Understanding - Christmas Shutdown. Qualified employees to be eligible for holiday pay must work their last day or shift preceding the holiday shutdown and be in camp ready for work at the start of their first work day or shift following the holiday shutdown. Notwithstanding the precedincr it is further asreed that qualified employees shall receive pay for the holida$s. (a). Where they have been laid off for lack of work in the thirty (30) days immediately preceding the holiday. (b) Where an employee who qualifies under Section 12.02 is oblioed to cease work due to sickness or accident certified by a licensed practitioner during the thirty (30) day period immediately prior to the holiday, he shall receive holiday pay for the holiday(s) within such 30 day period. Cc) Where a holiday or holidays occur during their absence from work on an authorized vacation provided they return to work on time. The employee shall be entitled to additional time off for any holidays occurring within such vacation period. (d) Where for reasons beyond an employee's control he has not been able to report to work on time he shall receive pay for the holidays. (e) See Letter of Understanding re. we. (f) Where an employee qualifies under Section 12.02 and is recalled and works ="Y time during the 14 calendar day period immediately holiday, he shall receive the following holiday pay for the preceding holiday. early depart- In the special case of Christmas, Boxing Day or New Years holiday, a qualified employee who has requested and who has been granted a leave of absence not more than ten (10) days before the holiday and who returns to work from leave of absence and is ready to work on time, will Where an employee is prevented be paid for the holidays. by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. Where in accordance with 7.03 the scheduled Christmas, Boxing Day, New Year's shutdown includes the three (3) holidays, the employee who returns to work from leave of absence and is ready for work on time will be eligible for pay for the three (3) holidays. Where an employee is prevented by circumstances beyond his control from returning to work on time, he shall be paid for the holidays. 7.06 (a). If qualified, a day worker shall be paid a day's pay at his or her regular rate, and a pieceworker a day's pay at the Feller Limber rate, for each holiday. 7.06 lb). If qualified, a day worker work on any holiday shall be paid at one-half his regular rate; double time after having worked eight (8) hours addition he shall receive one day's rate in lieu of the holiday. who the for on pay is rate all the at requested to of time and hours worked holiday. In such regular 7.06 (c). Pieceworkers shall not work on holidays.

 It is the mutual desire of the parties hereto that comDlaints of emDlovees be adiusted as quicklv as POSsible anb it is gene;a<ly understbod that an employee-has no grievance until he has given to his foreman an opportunity to adjust his complaint. 8.02 (a). The Union shall arrange for the election from its working membership at each camp, by the members therein, of a Union Grievance Committee of three (31, headed by a Union Steward who shall act as spokesman for that committee. I" the absence of the Steward the Company will recognize a delegated member of the Grievance Committee as spokesman. Immediately after an election, the Union Grievance Committee in the camp will notify the foreman in writing as to the names of the Union Steward and the members of the Union Grievance Committee elected and the foreman will acknowledge in writing the receipt of such notice. The Company foreman shall not be required to recognize either the Union Steward or the Union Grievance Committee until such time as this procedure is carried out. 8.02 (b). It is agreed that there shall be no discrimination exercised in any manner toward the Stewards or Union Grievance Committee men or other Union members. 8.02 (cl. TO be eligible for election as Union Steward a" employee must have established seniority under Section 12.02 of Article XII. A grievance under the provisions of this Agreement is defined to be any difference between the Darties or between the Company and employees covered by this Agreement involving administration, or alleged the interpretation, application, violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Grievances as defined above may be taken by the employee, by the Union Steward or the Union representative having jurisdiction directly to the employee's immediate supervisor for adjustment outside of working hours. No grievance shall be recognized unless this procedure is followed. The grievance shall be presented without undue delay. Any grievance submitted to the foreman in accordance with this procedure, in writinq will be disposed of bv the foreman, in writing. Failing a &tisfactory adjustment-within fortyL eight (48) hours, then, STAGE 2 - The matter shall be taken up by the Union Grievance Committee and/or the Union Representative with the District Logging Superintendent within ninety-six (96) hours in writing on forms to be supplied by the Union. The District Logging Superintendent shall make a reply in writing within a further ninety-six (96) hours. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 3 - Within ten (10) days the matter shall be taken up by officers of the Union and/or their representatives with the Manager - Logging Operations of the Company The one exception to this procedure or his representative. shall be in the special case provided under Section 8.08 of this Article. In this case the matter may be taken up by the employee himself, or with the knowledge and consent by presenting of the employee, by Union representatives the case to the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative in writing. - 10 In either of the above cases the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative shall make a reply in writing within seven (7) days. Failing a satisfactory adjustment, then, STAGE 4 - The matter shall be referred within fifteen (15) calendar days to the General Manager - Forestry Division or his representative and a Union Committee accompanied by the Union President or his representative. Either party may request the presence of the President of the Northern Ontario District Council of I. II. A. Canada, Failina a settlement within fifteen or his representative. (15) days then, STAGE 5 - Either party may, within the fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. following I" Arbitration the Company and the Union shall each select one man; these two shall select a third party who shall act as Chairman. Either Dartv shall aDDoint its nominee not later than five (5) days aft& receipt ‘if written notice of the other party's nomination. The Arbitration Board's decision shall be final and binding on both parties In the event of the failure of the two to this Agreement. (2) men selected by the respective parties to select a third party as provided above, they shall ask the Provincial Ministry of Labour to appoint a third party. herein shall prevent the parties from Nothing mutually agreeing to a sole arbitrator to arbitrate grievances arising out of discipline or discharge. It is understood that the function of the Arbitra8.06 tion Board shall be to interpret and apply this Agreement and that it shall deal only with the specific questions as submitted and shall have no power to alter, amend this Agreement. However, the functlo" of tha,ddArtbOtr.r tion Board shall include the power to consider adjustments to individual job classifications under Section 4.02 and rates for job classifications under Section 4.03 and to The Arbitration Board shall have revise the rates thereof. no power to decide questions involving general wage adjustments. Sundays, Statutory and legal holidays Saturdays, shall not be included in anv time limits in this Article of the Agreement. A grievance arising from a claim by an employee that his discharge or suspension by the Company was unjust or contrarv to the terms of this Aqreement, must be dealt with in &iting by both parties, an-d must be presented to the Company not later than ten (10) days after the discharge or suspension becomes effective. Where such an employee's grievance is not processed from the first stage before he leaves the camp, it must be processed starting at the third In case of discharge, stage of the grievance procedure. or suspension by the Company, the Company will immediately notifv the emplovee in writinq of the reason for such discharge or suspksion. A copy of such notice shall be submitted to the Union Steward within twenty-four (24) hours. In the event that an employee is found by an Arbitration Board to have been unfairly discharged, or suspended by the Company, the Company agrees that the employee will be reinstated on his job under terms and conditions decided by the Arbitration Board. Each part of this Agreement shall pay all expenses of the member of the Arbitration Board selected by it or by the ..iinister of Labour, and shall share equally in the fees and expenses of the third member of the Board. Grievances which involve Company policy in respect to the interpretation, application, administration or alleged violation of the Agreement may be processed commencing at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure. If the Company has-a grievance as defined in Section 8.03, it shall commence at Stage 3 of this grievance procedure by the Manager - Logging Operations or his representative presenting the matter in writing to the officers of the settlement within seven Union. Failing satisfactory days t then the matter shall be referred to the President of the Union or his representative by the General Manager - Forestry Division, or his representative. Failing a settlement within fifteen (15) days, then either party may within the following fifteen (15) days refer the matter to Arbitration. Notwithstanding the above, the time limits established in this Article may be extended if mutually agreed upon by both parties.

 There shall be no strike caused, called, or sup9.01 ported by the Union or its members, nor lockouts by the Company during the life of this Agreement.

 The Company agrees to discuss with the Union in each particular operation, ways and means of improving conditions for all employees covered by this Agreement and also the interpretation of this Agreement. It is agreed that present standards of service will be maintained with respect to transportation, medical service, laundry, recreation and motion pictures. The Company agrees to provide adequate facilities for the transportation of injured or sick employees. Any charges for such services shall not be increased unless mutually agreed to. It is agreed that the Company and the Union shall cooperate collectively in improving safety and first aid practices. The Company and the Union agree to set up and maintain a joint safety committee in each camp to promote safe working conditions and practices. There will be at least two 12) meetings of the Safety Committee each calendar quarter. The position of chairman shall alternate between a Company chairman and a Union chairman. The Chairman of each meeting shall make a report in triplicate with copies soins to the Comvanv office, the Union office and the Camp gulletin board. _ A member of the Committee is entitled to such time from his work as is necessary to attend meetings of the Committee, and the time so spent shall be deemed to be work time, for which he shall be oaid bv the ComDanv at the regula; or premium rate as may be proper.10.04 The Company, consistent with its policy to promote and ensure the safety of its employees, will not require an employee to work alone in an isolated area unless such operation is deemed safe, and frequent communication with such employee will be maintained by his supervisor on a scheduled basis. It is first aid kits at or near all ularly used for agreed that there shall be properly equipped sufficient for normal reauirements. located worksites and in all vehicles or bbats regthe transportation of "en. Only factory built buses shall be used for the Same to have adequate seating road transportation of men. accommodation, emergency exit doors and equipped with racks for the safe carrying of tools and gasoline containers. Shelters shall be provided for employees at designated waiting DlZlCf3. such shelters to have heatins facilities. The Com~anv Li.11, .for the safety of its emplo$zes, have either coAunication or transportation available at designated waiting places. radio communications The will provide Company on the bus used to transport the employees from the marshalling point to the rvorksite on the West Branch commuter operation. The Company will provide two-way radios in Drott Feller Buncher and on the Cartier commuter operation when operating within range of the present radio system. In respect to the Ramsey operation, a company Supervisor will escort the buses travelling to and from the camp and worksites. In circumstances where this may not be practical, any irregularity from normal bus arrival will be immediately investigated. The Company will install C.B. Branch haul trucks. Radios in all West Refer to Letter of Understanding It is agreed that the Company will maintain good conditions in respect to cleanliness, sanitation and health. Employees living -and service quarters will be washed and The Company will condisinfected at least once each week. tinue to provide improved camp facilities, including recreational rooms with a T.V. set where T.V. programmes are separate drying rooms, wash receivable and will provide rcmnls, inside toilets and showers. A lock up storage type locker will be Drovided for each ma" in his bunkhouse. Separate sanitatid" facilities will be provided for catering staffs. All camps shall have one tier single beds at least All mattresses shall be 36" in width spaced 38" apart. I" construceither air foam, plastifoam or spring filled. tion of new camps, the Company agrees to construct all living quarters into suitable rooms having no more than two (2) employees per room. two Clean s h e e t s The Company agrees to SUPPlY and one clean pillow case per week and to supply a bed cover for each bed. Clean bedding will be supplied to employees newly arrived in camp. Bed covers will be changed at least once each month, and blankets as conditions warrant. All beds and bed clothing shall be of a good quality and in a serviceable condition at all times. The company agrees that pest control measures will be carried out in the camps and in the camp areas as and when required. The Company will look into possible remedial meaAll sures to alleviate the sandfly problem at all camps. lunch shack screenins will be maintained in aood reDair and pest control equipment made available. - i4 10.10 All night shiftworkers shall have separate sleeping quarters apart from other shift workers, where practical. The Company shall provide the Union Steward in each operating camp with a room in the bunkhouse in which to conduct Union business. All main bunkhouses will be provided with drinking fountains and PaPer drinking cups. Washroom facilities will be made available to the laundry workers at Ramsey. The Company will install ice machines in the camp at Ramsey and Camp 12. In cold weather, the Company will provide facilities to assist in starting employee's cars parked in the camp lots. Car plus-ins and electricitv shall be Drovided for Air conditioning "nits will be employees in a-11 CZUllpS. installed in cookeries. Night watchmen operating camps. shall be employed in all major At each operating camp, a separate suitable and heated building shall be provided for the repair and storage of power saws. Said building, also to contain sufficient lock-up type lockers for storage, work bench, vise and chain breaker. Compressed air will be provided in the power saw and repair building. No power saws shall be repaired or stored in living and/or service quarters. Food served to the employees in the camps shall, at all times, be of high quality and of sufficient quantity and shall include fresh fruits, vegetables and greens. Refrigeration will be provided for all perishable All perishable food, as required, in all operating camps. food stuffs shall be handled in a sanitary manner during transportation at all times. The Company affirms as a policy that it will not supply butter substitutes to employees. Fruit juices shall be supplied at all meals, served in containers, allowing self service for consumption at the table. Fresh milk shall be supplied at all meals and coffee times in the cookery. Each man shall pack his own lunch, unless other The preparation of mutual arrangements have been made. lunches shall be supervised. Waxed paper shall be supplied The lunch table shall include for wrapping of lunches. a variety of cooked meats and fresh fruit. At the request of the camp Grievance Committee, suitable lunch shacks will be provided where there are concenSuch shacks to be heated during the period trations of men. October 1st to April 30th and during the summer months shall have protective screens. The Company will provide each cut and skid crew with a suitable lunch shack for year round use. - 15 This will be completed by October 1, 1981. Hot lunches will assigned a lunch shack. be terminated as each crew is There shall be coffee breaks in the morning, afternoon, and in the evening. coffee, c a k e s and lunch to be provided by the Company and served in the cookery. During work hours coffee breaks shall be on Company time. The Company agrees to SUPPlY kitchen personnel with white aprons, on loan and other suitable uniform apparel at cost, and provide for the laundering of such exterior Washing machine facilities will clothing without charge. be supplied for the use of the cookery personnel. Effective January 9, 1981 the Company will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire of employees' personal belonqinqs and loss bv fire or theft of emuloveeowned power SW& to a maxim&n of two thousand boliars and additional will provide free insurance coverage against loss by fire or theft of tradesmen's tools normally required by tradesmen to the full value of such It is undertools while on Company property or work sites. stood that coverage for theft of Dower saws and tools shall only apply where -they are stored-in a designated place of safety within the control of the Company. Damage to employee2.0lowned power saws due to Company negligence will be compensated for by the Company at their depreciated value. An employee who causes a fire willfully or throuqh qross negligence will not be reimbursed for any resultant ioss. theft of arranqements orotection acrainst Suitable for employee-owned iower saws will' be made at camp level between the Company and the Union. Company will agree to implement a weekly Pay Discussions will commencing first week in January, 1989. be held with the local union grievance committee to review However weekly pay will be the procedure we will follow. on Friday. Interim advances will be made only in instances Should a paid holiday occur on a of evident emergency. Thursday pay day, payment will be made on Wednesday of that week, subject to the "Letter of Understanding" signed 18, December, 1974 re. pay day. leave of authorized extended instances of absence, cash advances will be issued to the extent of the employee's payroll credit. A Time and Earnings statement will be provided This statement will to each employee for each pay period. carry complete detail of rates of pay, hours worked, earnings, accrued vacation Pay credit and deductions covering the Explanations of payroll codes will be posted in period. each camp. Where twenty-four (24) hours notice of termination of employment by the Company or the employee is rendered the Company agrees that every reasonable effort will be made to make a full settlement within twenty-four (24) hours after such termination. Saturdavs. Sundays and lesal holidavs excepted. The Company will provide each pieceworker with a minimum of one (1) scale per week, and will provide each pieceworker with a scale slip after each scale. Scale Slips will be given to each pieceworker at least 48 hours prior Scale slips will provide the to the wood being moved. following information where applicable - Number of Cords, Or Number of Pieces (tree length), Riding and/or Walking BOnUS, Footage of Strip or Main Road Cut, and Poor Bush Bonus. All hand tools and equipment required on the job will be made available to pieceworker‘s and others on loan. When an operator of equipment is required by the Company to do a mechanical repair job, he will be furnished such tools as are required on loan. All tools and equipment not returned will be charsed for in full. Worn out or broken tools will be replaced with serviceable tools free of charge, provided that the worn out or broken tools are returned. No person shall be required to own or rent any tools or equipment, as a condition of employment, unless otherwise specified in this Agreement. NO employees shall operate a tractor or like equipment owned or leased by himself or by another employee in the cut and skid operations of the Company. Pieceworkers and others using power saws will be provided with free chain saw files in addition to other hand tools and equipment required on the job, and will be issued, 0" loan, the following. Light metal power saw wedges, same to be replaced when returned in a worn out or broke" condition. One (1) safety type gasoline container. One (1) fire extinguisher (chemical type). - 17 The Company agrees to stock safety type power saw chains and chain repair kits, consisting of spare links and rivets, in the camps and sell them to the employees at the invoiced cost to Company. using power Pieceworkers and others be provided with free power saw gas and oils. saws will The Company agrees that it will furnish, on loan, all safety equipment and personal safety apparel save and except safety pants, safety boots, and S a f e t y 9lOVeS a n d mitts. The Company further agrees to sell to employees safety pants at twelve dollars ($12.001 below cost price to the Company, safety boots at fifteen dollars ($15.00) below cost price to the Company and safety gloves and mitts to power saw operators and to persons handling cable, at seven dollars ($7.00) below cost price to the Company. The wearing of safety equipment and apparel will not become a condition of employment unless it has been agreed to by the Company and the Union, or is mandatory under Government legislation. The Company agrees to provide free transportation to all employees who are transferred from camp to camp at the Company's request or in the exercise of seniority under the terms of Article XII Seniority. Employees shall have the option of using their In such cases the employee own vehicle for transportation. shall first notify the Company of his intentions to do so and shall be paid twenty-four cents (24C) per mile effective January 9, 1981. Effective date of ratification, be paid . 20C per km for using own vehicle. employees will Scheduled working time lost as a result of such transfers shall be paid for at the regular straight time rates for dayworkers and the Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding rate per day for pieceworkers and normal travel outside a" employees scheduled rYorkinq hours, w i 1 1 time, be paid for up to a maximum of 8 hours at the regular straight time rate for dayworkers and the above rate for pieceworkers. Refer to Letter of Understanding - Re. Hours of Work. Tradesmen and helpers assigned to (a). 4Oc p e r hour in addition garage s h a l l r e c e i v e applicable hourly rate. a bush to the Tradesmen and helpers assigned to a main (b). camp garage required to perform work of their trade away from a main camp garage will be paid 40C per hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for all such hours worked away from the main camp garage. The Company agrees that the tradesmen assigned to the "Slasher" (Ramsey.) will be paid in accordance with 10.19 (b). Tradesmen and helpers assigned to work in (cl. the yard of the main camp garage for one (1) full shift or more will be paid 40C p e r hour in addition to the applicable hourly rate for such hours worked in the Yard. welders, and The Company will SUPPlY m e c h a n i c s , for laundering and provide suitable coveralls the same, two per week, free of charge. machinists See Controls). Letter of Intent attached (re. Climatic

 The week for operations 11.01 (a). per week Monday to Saturday inclusive. shall be six days The work week for day or shift workers shall forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. be The work week for pieceworkers shall be forty (40) hours, eight (8) hours per day, Monday to Friday Pieceworkers may be scheduled to work in day inclusive. work jobs on the day shift Monday to Friday inclusive. It is agreed that day work or shift work employees required to work in excess of their regular work shift or work week and will be paid in accordance If an employee w i t h S e c t i o n 11.05 (a) f o r s u c h t i m e w o r k e d . to be excused from working overtime, permission requests w i l l n o t b e u n r e a s o n a b l y withheld. may day be or - 19 11.01 (b). For the purpose of this agreement Sunday, a paid holiday and the "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) shall begin at 7.00 a.m. that day and end at 7.00 a.m. the day following. The work day or shift shall consist 11.02 (a). (8) consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 5.oo p.m., mealtime excepted. of eight a.m. and consist of eight shall 11.02 (b). The night shift consecutive hours between the hours of 7.00 p.m. and 5.00 a.m., mealtime excepted. fiowever, it is agreed that on Fridays the night shift may, at the request of the employees or the Company, and by mutual agreement be scheduled to commence prior to 7.00 p.m. in accordance with the provisions of 11.03 (b). 11.02 (c). two shift a.m. * During the period of May 1 to September 30, scarification operations m=Y cOn!me"ce at 6.OO 11.03 (a). A night shift differential of forty-five cents (.45c) per hour shall be paid in addition to the regular rates for all night shift work. operations the first shall 11.03 (b). On other two-shift consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall commence at 7.00 a.m. or after, the second shift shall consist of eight (8) consecutive hours, mealtime excepted, and shall cc~mmence prior to 7.00 p.m., and shall carry a shift differential of forty-five cents (.45$) per hour. shall the shifts 11.03 (c). on a three-shift operation, The starting and stopping be eight (8) consecutive hours. times for the three (3) shifts and the shift differentials to be paid, shall be as follows. Stopping Time Starting Time (between the hours of) (between the hours of) 1st Shift 2nd Shift 3rd Shift 7 p.m. - 8 a.m. 3 p.m. - 4 p.m. 11 p.m. - 12 a.m. 3 p.m. - 4 p.m. 11 p.m. - 12 p.m. 7 a.m. - 8 a.m. Shift Differential. 1st shift, Nil. per hour. 2nd Shift, 45C per hour. 3rd Shift, 11.03 cd). The hours of work and the "sixth day" for dayworkers and shift workers shall be posted on Thursday of The starting and stopping times shall the previous week. remain constant and fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. (see Letter of Understanding). An employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed by the When an employee's shift schedule is changed by Company. the Company he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When the employee reverts to his original shift he shall be paid at his regular straight time rate provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. The Company and the Union agree to extend starting time interval from the present one hour to a maximum of two hours. The extended interval will only be used where it is beneficial to the operations and the Company will endeavour to keep the starting time interval to one hour or less. the If an employee, who has completed his scheduled 11.03 (e). work week is required for work on his "sixth day" or Sunday, such overtime shall be posted on the preceding Thursday. If he is available for the posted overtime work at the regular starting time and is unable to commence work for reasons beyond his control, he shall receive 4 hours' pay at the applicable overtime rate as specified in Section 11.05 (a) provided he remains available for the four hour period if so requested by the Company. A day or shift worker, who 11.04 (a). the full dav or shift for reasons bevond be paid fo; one-half day if he wo;ks hours, and for a full day if he works is unable to work his control, shall less than four (4) more than four (4) hours. A tree length pieceworker who will lose more than one hour work for reason of failure of the Company to supply a skidder shall be paid for all hours lost in excess of one (1) hour at the feller, l i m b e r , tree length skidding rate, provided he reports to the supervisor, remains available and accepts alternate work if so requested by the Company. RAINY DAYS - The company agrees that a decision will made at the work site upon arrival for work on rainy days. be In the case of time lost in excess of one (1) hour for reason of lack of assignment to a cutting area and/or time required in excess of one (1) hour to travel from one assigned cutting area to another, payment shall be made for all hours lost. - 21 11.04 (b). A day or shift worker who reports for work at his scheduled starting time and is unable to commence work due to reasons beyond his control, shall receive four (41 hours' pay at his regular rate provided he remains available for two (2) hours from his scheduled starting time, accepts alternate work if so assigned and commences regular work when conditions permit. If regular or alternate work commences in the first half of the shift on the first or subsequent days, the above payment shall not be made and the provisions-of Should the emolovee work

 any of the hours in the second half of the shiit *he shall receive four (4) hours pay for such hours. The Company will commence regular work as soon as conditions permit. When the providing of alternate work necessitates a change in shift, the time and one-half provisions of Section 11.03 (d) shall not apply providing there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts. Notwithstanding the provisions above governing payment of four (4) hours, such payment shall not be made for the second and subsequent consecutive days in the event the Company gives notice that no work is available a minimum of eight (8) hours in advance of the scheduled starting time on each occasion. Should such notice be given to an employee he exercise his seniority within the camp unit. If such does not have sufficient seniority to displace employee another employee in the camp unit, he shall be laid off and given eight (8) hours pay in lieu of two days notice. If he does exercise his seniority within the camp "nit and displaces another employee, the displaced employee shall be laid off and paid eight (8) hours pay in lie" of two days notice. In neither case may any such employee be permitted to exercise seniority outside the camp unit until the third consecutive day following the day notice is given. may Should an employee elect to take leave of absence in lieu of exercising seniority under this Article, he shall permitted to exercise his seniority on his return to work. be Notification be established locally. and reporting procedures shall Time worked in excess of eight (8) hours per 11.05 (a). day or shift and all hours worked by an employee on Sunday, on his desionated "sixth dav" (Saturdav or Hondavl or outside his scheduled shift shall 'be paid for at the <rate of time and one-half. - 22 Effective ratification date of (January 26, 1979), double time will be paid after 8 hours of work on an employees designated sixth day (Saturday or Monday) and Sunday. Overtime work required in a camp unit will be distributed on as equal a basis as possible among the employees in the camp unit who normally perform the work in the classifications requiring the overtime. For calculating overtime pay shift differentials shall not be considered as part of an employee's applicable hourly rate. 11.05 (b). Employees in the classifications specified below may be required to work in excess of 8 hours per day or shift and 40 hours per week, Monday to Sunday inclusive, and are not subject to the other provisions of Article XI. Cook Baker Second Cook (cl. For above the hours be scheduled as cd). Cc?). (f). Cookee Chore boy Watchman employees in the job classifications listed of work per day or shift and per week will follows. The work day or shift shall be 8 However, the work excepted. day or shift of 8 hours may be scheduled in any 12 hour period divided into not more than 2 parts provided there is a break of at least 8 hours between shifts worked. consecutive hours, regular mealtime shall consist of The scheduled w o r k week 5 consecutive shifts Monday to Friday inclusive or Tuesday to Saturday inclusive. Time worked in excess of outside of t h e scheduled 8 hours per day or shift, all hours worked in of his scheduled work week, and all hours worked excess on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) and on Sunday, shall If an employee be paid for at the rate of time and one-half. requests to be excused from working overtime, permission will not be unreasonably withheld. An employee in the above listed classifica3. tions who is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control, shall be paid for one-half day if he is available at the start of his scheduled shift, and for one full day if he remains available for the start of the second half of his scheduled shift. - 23 The scheduled hours per day or shift shall be posted on Friday of the previous week. Scheduled overtime day or shift for the "sixth day" or Sunday shall be posted The starting and stopping times on the preceding Thursday. shall remain fixed during the weekly period subject to the following. - a" employee may not change shifts during the week except when his shift schedule is changed When a" employee's shift schedule by the Company. is changed by the Company, he will be paid at one and one-half times his regular rate for the first shift worked after the change. When employee reverts to his original shift he 2111 be paid at his regular straight t i m e r a t e provided that there is a break of at least eight (8) hours between shifts worked. uled work week or Sunday, he and be paid at if so requested If a" employee who has completed his schedis called back for work on his "sixth day" shall be provided a minimum of 8 hours work time and one-half provided he remains available by the Company. when a second shift is scheduled for employ6. ees in the above listed classifications they shall be paid a shift differential of forty cents (4OC) p&r hour for each second shift worked. boys The present standard of service and night watchmen shall be maintained. by chore Walking Distance and/or Riding Time shall not Walking distance and riding time worked. for as stipulated in the Walking Distance and Riding Time section of the wage schedule of this aqreement . be considered as time shall be paid An employee, who is called out for work after completing his da? or shift, or more than one (1) hour before the start of the dav or shift shall receive time and one-half for the hours worked, but in no case shall he receive less When the call-out than four (4) hours pay at straight time. for work is within the one (1) hour period prior to the start of his day or shift he will be paid time-and one-half from the starting time of the call-out to the scheduled starting time of the day or shift. Where the employee continues to work into his day or shift, the provisions of Section 11.05 (a) shall apply after he has completed eight (8) hours of work exclusive of the time worked prior to his starting time. Effective date of ratification (January 9, 1981) an employee who is called out for work on his "sixth day" (Saturday or Monday) or Sunday, shall be paid at the appropriate overtime rate as set out in 11.05 (b) from the starting time of the call out, but in no case shall he receive less than four (4) hours at the rate of time and one-half.

 The Company recognizes the principle of seniority. Seniority will govern subject to reasonable consideration of skill, efficiency and ability, in promotions, transfers, layoffs and recalls after layoffs. The present seniority list is frozen as of July 1, 1988 and in future date of hire shall be the basis of calculating seniority. A" employee who is on authorized leave of absence on Union business shall accrue seniority while on such leave of absence. A" employee who has accrued seniority and is then employed by the Union shall retain such accrued seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (11) months. Employment of any new employee shall be considered as probationary until he has worked thirty (30) days within Thereafter Article 12.01 shall apply, a six month period. and the employee shall be credited with thirty (30) days of accrued seniority. Subject to the memorandum of understanding senior12.03 (a). ity will be applied on a c o m p a n y - w i d e b a s i s i n r e c a l l s , promotions, transfers from camp to camp and layoffs. When layoffs are required due to the completion of seasonal operations, or a part thereof, each of the employees so affected will be permitted to exercise his seniority and transfer to a job for which he is qualified, provided that, having received advance notice in accordance with

 date of the advance notice and in writing on forms to be suowlied bv the Comuanv, of his desire to transfer or to The Company will provide the Union Grievance prior to the intended layoff, with a list of Committee, jobs filled by employees with less seniority than t h o s e employees given notice. It j.s understood and agreed that when layoffs are occasioned by the completion of seasonal activities, company-wide seniority will be applied only when operations continue in other camps for more than (1) week, otherwise the camp will be the unit of application of seniority on seasonal layoffs. job 12.03 (bl. I n transfers from one classification to another, senior employees shall receive first consideration. In such cases, an employee shall receive the rate for the job to which he is transferred. I" case of a temporary change to a loirer job classification, the employee shall retain the rate of his previous job classification. determining the rate of pay for pieceworkers transferred to day work, t.he rate specified the Feller-Limber, Tree Length Skidding shall apply, or the rate of the job classification whichever is higher. Employees accepting a job posting shall remain in that job for a minimum of three (3) months from the date he filled the job vacancy unless being displaced from that job because of l,iy-off or bumping procedure. 12.03 (cl. The Company, when filling vacancies, will do so from within the bargaining unit in accordance with Article Notice of impending vacancies will be posted on the camp bulletin board for at least five (5) working days. It is agreed, however, that temporary appointments may be made without posting for filling vacancies of less than two (2) calendar weeks duration. Newly created jobs will be posted on the bulletin boards by the Company for a period of five (5) working days prior to any appointment to such jobs, stating the normal iob reauirement.;. shall not be considered for Emnlovees such jdbs ""less the; apply in writing within this five (5) day period. All jobs will be filled from among the qualified applicants on tte basis of Section 12.01 of this agreement. Employees accepting the posted jobs shall be allowed five (5) work days ..n which to qualify (or a further time as may be mutually agreed if additional training is required). Failure of an employee to qualify shall entitle him to return to his former job without loss of seniority or benefits. The Company shall post notices in camps showing the names of successful applicants for all posted vacancies and the newly created jobs. li.i)3 cd). A job that becomes vacant because the incumbent has had to vacate it due to sickness or injury, vacation, bereavement leave, jury duty, and/or a leave Of absence not exceeding thirty (30) work days shall be classified as a temporary vacancy and shall be filled according to the Drovisions of Section 12.03 (c) and the job wostinq <he init oi will note that it is of a temporary nature. application of seniority on temporary vacancies is the camp. In the event that a vacancy is not filled from within the camp unit it shall be filled on a company-wide basis. The employee who had occupied the job upon his return to work shall once again occupy the job that he had filled prior to vacating for any of the reasons set forth above provided however, that the job is still in effect and it is not filled by a senior employee who for reasons of notice of layoff from his former job has exercised his seniority on this particular job. In case of layoff which is to exceed two (2) working days the Company will notify, in writing, the men intended to be laid off, at least two (2) working days in advance, with a copy of such said notice to the Union Grie"a"Ce Committee. The Company agrees that all reasonable effort will be made to give employees as much advance notice of layoff as possible. When the approximate time of the recall is known at the time of layoff employees leaving camp will be informed But in any case, of such approximate date at that time. notice in writing will be sent to an employee at his given address at least fourteen (14) days before he is required to report for work. Employees will be required to acknowledge receipt of such notice and report for work on the date specified, unless other arrangements have been made, in writing. The Company agrees to submit to the Union office by April 30th of each year, an alphabetical list, in dupshowing licate, of employees covered by this agreement, their hiring date followins their last break in seniority and the Company seniority in days as specified in Section The list will 12.01, as at March 3&t, of the same year. show, in addition, each employee's occupation and address. A list shall be prepared for and be posted in each camp and its contents shall be available to all employees The list shall in camps, showing their seniority standing. be brought up to date at the end of each month. A" employee who has established seniority in accordance with Section 12.02 of this article shall retain such seniority for twenty-four (24) months during layoff. An employee who quits of his own accord or is discharged and not reinstated, or fails to report to work following recall as orovided in Section 12.05 of this article shall automatically lose all seniority. An employee who fails to return from leave of absence on the date specified shall lose his seniority unless his return to work on time is prevented by circumstances beyond his control. Any employee promoted or transferred to a position with the Company outside the bargaining unit shall continue to accrue seniority for a period not exceeding thirty (30) days in any calendar year and will retain the total accrued seniority for a period not exceeding eleven (111 months from the date of promotion or transfer and shall have the right to exercise his seniority in accordance with all the provisions of this article upon proof of Union membership Supervisory personnel who are generally in good standing. employed on seasonal operations and who have not acquired seniority, in accordance with this article, may be placed on jobs listed in the bargaining unit during the off season, provided that this does not interfere with the application Such personnel shall apply of seniority of any employee. for Union membership prior to being placed on the job and maintain their Union membership in good standing. When jobs are discontinued due to the introduction of new methods and equipment, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment in accordance with Section 12.01 of Article XII to meet the Company's labour requirements and if such employees require training to perform the alternate employment effectively they .shall be trained by the company. When jobs are discontinued, due to curtailment of operations, affected employees shall be offered alternate employment on remaining jobs in accordance with Article If a" employee requires training to perform the alterXII. nate job effectively, he will be trained by the Company, provided the job he has applied to be trained for, is expected to last for a period of three (3) months or more. seasonal It is layoff. understood that this does not apply to Severance Pay - Effective date of ratification an employee with three (3) or more years of service for mechanization, no job is available because of technological changes or automation can, upon termination, elect to receive a severance allowance of one week's pay for each year of completed service since the last date of hire. whom severance pay shall be computed on the basis of forty (40) hours at the employee's regular straight time hourly rate, multiplied by the number of years of employment, to a maximum of thirty (30) years. It to receive the abandoned the will be removed is understood that an employee who chooses severance allowance shall be deemed to have right to be recalled and the employee's name from the seniority list.

 The Union shall have the right to post notices dealing with Union affairs upon the bulletin boards of the Company, such notices to have the approval of the camp foreman before such posting. following date of 14.01 (a). Effective first of month ratification, for each emolovee who has established senioritv in accordande with Article- XII the Company will pay thk then current premium for O.H.I.P., Blue Cross Drug Plan, and Semi-private Hospital care Plans. Effective September 1, 1989, the Company Pay the then current premium for the balance of the of this agreement. will term If there should be a net reduction in the premiums charged for medical, surgical, drug and hospital care plans, the Company's contribution to employees will not be reduced from the amounts set out in this Article. If the Company's contribution exceeds the premiums required for medical, surgical, drug and hospital care plans, the balance will be applied to such other employee benefits as may be agreed upon between the Company and the Union. Pending arrangement between the Company and the Union a.; to the application of contributions over and above the premiums required, such additional monies will be paid direct to the employee. 0* layoff, the Company contribution will b e paid to eligible employees for premiums deducted on return to work covering any month during which the employee is actively at wor.z.

 The Company will provide $40,000 of Life Insurance The cost to for each employee while actively employed. the employee will not exceed .40< per $1,000 per month. Effective first of month following ratification, for those For employees employees actively at work on that date. not activelv at work on that date the increase in insurance will becomeaeffective on the date he returns to active employment.

 The Company will maintain and pay the premium The Plan will cost of Weekly Indemnity Insurance Plan. provide seventy percent (70%) of Weekly earnings (forty (40) hours times an employee's regular rate and pieceworkers forty (40) hours times the feller, limber and tree length skidding hourly rate) up to a maximum of three hundred and seventy ($370.00) per week, for an employee who commences weekly-indemnity on or after the first of the month following date of ratification. Weeklv Indemnitv will commence on the first day in case of a noncompensable accident and after commencement of a continuous days from three the disability due to sickness or on the date when admitted to a hospital within the first three (3) days of illness and will continue for the period of disability up to a maximum of fifty-two (521 weeks. Effective September 1, 1988 - $385.00 per week Effective September 1, 1989 - $400.00 per week The Company will provide a Long Term Disability The Plan forms part of the agreement and is attached Plan. The premium cost of the Plan will hereto as Appendix "A". be borne by the Company.

 When death occurs to a member of an employee's father, mother, that is an employee's immediate family, sister, children, grandparents, husband, brother, wife, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, and daughter-in-law, the employee will be granted leave to attend the funeral and shall be paid for eight (8) hours at his regular straight time rate (pieceworkers eiqht (8) times the feller, limber, tree length skidding ho&ly rate) for time lost up to a maximum of three 0) The intent of this clause is to allow the employee da"S. The day to attend the funeral without loss of earnings. Pay will of the funeral must be one of the three (3) days. be granted for the scheduled work days lost during this period. In the case of death of spouse or children the employee will be granted five (5) days leave with pay. Any claims for bereavement pay will be submitted the employee to the Company in writing, along with proof of bereavement in the employee's immediate family. by It is understood that for purposes of this Article step-relatives will be considered the same as blood relatives.

 In the case of an employee who is called for jury service, or subpoena by the Crown the Company shall Pay, for each day of such service, an allowance equal to the difference between eisht (8) hours of "av based on his regular straight time hoirly rate (Pieceworkers eight (8) hours pay based on the feller, limber, tree length skidding hourly rate) and the payment he received for jury service. The employee will present proof of service and of pay received therefore when making his claim for such allowance.

 The charge for board and lodging shall be $1.75 per calendar day.

 The Company will provide a dental plan, with participation compulsory for all employees on the following basis. Eligibility Participation in this plan is limited to employees who have accumulated sixty-five (65) days of seniority with the Company. Plan Design Service and benefits as provided (a). Cross No. 7 Basic Plan and Rider No. 1. in Blue Services and benefits as provided in Blue (b). Cross Rider NO. 2 (50%). Maximum Per calendar yt?Llr Per Effective first of month following ratification amend plan to provide O.D.A. Schedule fees. date of for Effective September 1, O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. provide for Effective September 1, O.D.A. Schedule of Fees. provide for Company will erage. pay increase premium for this cov- It is understood and agreed that the Plan will provide for the continuation of coverage for the period an em~lovee is off work due to lavoff or ieave of absence, but in no case beyond-the end of the month following the month in which such absence commenced. Administration The Plan will b e administered in accordance with an appropriate contract or set of procedures the Plan design outlined in Item reflecting 2 above. The decision as to the choice of administrative vehicle from among service carriers insurance companies or self-administration will be made by the Company on the basis of appropriate study of these alternatives. Premiums The premium cost by the Company. The of this plan shall be paid Integration Plan will not provide like benefits where currently being provided by federal or provincial legislation. such are If during the life of this agreement federal shall introduce or provincial governments legislation to provide benefits already covered by this plan, the plan shall be amended so as to eliminate said benefits.

 Baker Bodyman Mechanic Class"B" Bodyman Mechanic Class "A" Bullcook or Chore boy Bus Driver Buck Tree Lengths on Landing Bucker, Piler, Tree Length Skidding car Ma." Carpenter (Qualified) Chokerman, Tree Length Skidding Cook (l-20 I.len) Cook (20 Men or Over) Cook, Second Cookee Electrician Feller, Limber, Tree Length Skidding Fire Patrol Man Handyman Helper, Bulldozer, or Tractor Helper, Power Grader Hel&r, Mechanic Helper, Class "A" Mechanic Jackhammer Driller Labourer Machinist Class "B" Machinist Class "A" Mechanic, II Mechanic, Mechanic, Mechanic, Class "A" 1 Mechanic, Lead operator, Bulldozer "B" operator, Bulldozer "A" operator, Compressor operator, crane operator, Drott Feller Buncher Front End Overhead Loader operator, operator, Machine Night Warm-up operator, Mechanical Skidder Wheel T~~e16.00 operator, Power Grader operator, Power Saw Non-Productive Prentice operator, operator, Ramsev Central Slasher operator, Slasher operator, S l a s h e r Deck operator, Tree Harvester l/88 HOURLY RATES - Continued l/87 JOB CLASSlFICATION Powder I.lan Slasher Serviceman Timberman, Experienced Truck Driver, Single Axle, Haul on Body Truck Driver, Tandem Axle, Hauling Trailer Truck Driver, Hauling Trailer (over 102" in width) Truck Driver, Tandem Axle, Body Haul, Other Truck Driver, Float Truck Driver, Self Loadins Truck Driver; Supply Truck Truck Driver, Hauling Multiple Trailer Tree Planter, New Hire Tree Planter, Transfer Watchman, Camp watchman, Nightman Welder. Heloer Welder; Helper Class "A" Vielder II klelder I Welder Class "A" Welder, Lead Wheel Skidder Crew, Felling and Skidding l/88 Crew Leader - . 35 per hour plus regular daily rate. Hourly Rates - Adjustments - Reflected in wage schedule. employee (3Ot) per shall be (3OC) per All shall hour paid hour. employee who is assigned to train another be paid his regular rate plus thirty cents Pieceworkers during the training assignment. at the feller-limber rate plus thirty Cents It is agreed in conjunction with the to mechanical operations. that incentives may be above daily rates which applied pertain A day worker using power saw at Company request will be paid a power saw rental of Effective date of ratification, hour day or shift when felling and limbinq. per $12.00 per 8 Effective date of ratification, hour day or shift when bucking at a landing on a skidding operation. - 34 If he is unable to work the full day or shift for reasons beyond his control he will be paid one-half when he works less than four (4) hours and rental day's a full day's rental when he works more than four (4) hours. the Tradesmen - Effective September 1, Company will grant a twenty (2Oc) cents per hour adjustment to all Class "A" Tradesmen and up, including Crane Operator (2OC) adjustment is t w e n t y cent (This with certificate. reflected in the wage schedule). General Wage Increase (Reflected in wage schedule) Increase all hourly rates. Effective September 1, rates by . 25t per hour. increase Effective September 1, rates by . 45C per hour. increase all hourly daily wage Effective September rates by 44%. increase all hourly daily wage all Increase all piecework rates excluding payments, silviculture schedules by. hourly bonuses, daily wage supplementary 1 % effective September 1, 1987 1.5% effective September 1, 1988 4.5% effective September 1, 1989 Effective September and Effective September by one cent (1C). increase all piecework rates increase all piecework rates b y o n e c e n t (1C) I" lieu of retroactive pay all employees will receive a one-time payment of $500.00 pro-rated on basis of months worked between September 1, 1987 and May 31, 1988. It is understood that each month in which the employee was actively at work shall qualify the employee for l/8 of the payment. Effective September 1, 1978 a supplement of seventy-three cents (73C) per hour will be paid to pieceworkers. Special rates may be established by agreement between the Company and the Union for aged and handicapped workers. PIECEWORK RATES - Cutting and Piling Rough Spruce s Balsam Peeled Soruce & Balsam Rough Poplar Peeled Poplar Rough'Jack Pine If the cutter is required to pile two species separately, an additional twelve cents (12c) per cord will be paid on For strip cutters, a bonus of $1.64 all wood separated. per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip running under 12 cords per acre, and on such portions of strip less than 660 feet in length. For strip cutters, a bonus of $2.73 per cord will be paid on each consecutive 660 feet of strip running under 7 cords per acre, and on such portion of strips less than 660 feet in length. Cut and Skid Tree Lenqth Rates . Per tree length piece, as per attached schedule. butt diameter measure The Company will supply each crew with a skidder with winch, fuel and skidding equipment. No cutting bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. ho poor bush bonus to be paid in addition to the scheduled rates. Supplement of seventy-three cents (.73c) be paid in accordance with Article XII-B. per hour will Measurement Butt diameter measure to be made in accordance with Butt diameter Ontario Government Scaling Regulations. to be clearly marked on each butt by the scaler. Crew Size The number of employees in each cut and skid crew shall not exceed 2 employees at any time. Skiddinq Distance Skidding distance shall not exceed 600 ft. for a three (3) man crew skidding tree length. Skidding distance shall not exceed 900 (2) man crew skidding tree length or skidway placement not adjacent to a road. ft. for a two full tree when Skidding distance shall not exceed 1,200 feet for a two (2) man crew skidding tree length or whole tree to a road. Sorting Bonus When at Company request, the crew is required to sort wood 2.86 "s of base earnings will be paid. Walking and Riding Time Payment for Walking and Riding Time shall be computed in accordance with Section F of the Wage Schedule (Walking Distance and Riding Time). Skidway Preparation Where skidway sites are prepared base earnings will be paid. by the crew, % of DIAElETER l/87 l/89 l/88 l/89 l/89 l/87 l/87 l/88 l/89 .t?53 Cutting fuelwood per face cord split 4' x 8; x 77" - 70" 22" - 30" Poplar, Jack Pine b Tamarack 22" - 30" Birch 22" - 30" Cutting in Camp Yard l/87 l/89 Where a day workers travelling time from camp to working place is comprised of riding and/or walking he shall be paid for all travelling time in time, excess of one-half hour each way at his regular rate of pay. Where For the purpose of this agreement, it is agreed that pieceworkers and day workers will walk at the rate of 3 miles per hour. a pieceworker's travelling time from camp to working place is comprised of riding and/or walking time, he shall be paid for all travelling time in excess of one-half hour each way at the feller, limber rate. For the purpose of this agreement a stacked cord of eight foot (8') rough pulpwood shall be 50" x 100" x 4'; a stacked cord of peeled pulpwood shall be 100" x 48" x 4'. l/87 Rate per cord l/88 l/89 Blankets Sheets Aprons Pillow Cases TOW2lS Laundry Bags Bed Spreads White Trousers l/89 _l/87 _ l/88 __ - 40 The Company agrees to r e m i t to laundry payrolled laundry deductions from the area such laundry. workers all serviced by The Company and the Union agree that commuter operations shall be carried out by the Company on the following terms and conditions. Commuters are employees who. (a). Are resident within walking distance of and (b). Who are not provided board and lodging by the Company. (a). not a resident within employee who is An reasonable riding ma/or walking distance on a commuter operation, who exercises his seniority in accordance with Article XII on this operation, shall receive; Effective day day falling reasonable riding and/or the area of operations, ratification per Effective September 1, 1988 $8.84 per day Effective September 1, 1989 $9.02 per day In lieu of being provided board and lodging in a camp for each day that he is available work week for work as